URL	Tracking URL	Title	Description	Keywords
http://australia.creditcards.com/Reward-Options-For-Business-Credit-Cards.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/Reward-Options-For-Business-Credit-Cards.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward options for business credit cards: miles, rewards and cash back	Discussion of reward options for business credit cards involving frequent flyer miles, rewards and cash back programs through Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card and American Express; Corporate credit card and small business credit card versions of airline mi	Business Credit Cards, Rewards, Cash Back, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, American Express, corporate credit card, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-technology-reduces-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-technology-reduces-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card technology reduces the number of cards you carry	New credit card technology may allow you to carry just one universal credit card. Learn about the iCache.	credit cards, iCache, American Express, Chase, Discover, credit card, debit cards, debit card, iPod
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/microsoft-micropayments-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/microsoft-micropayments-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Planned Microsoft micropayments system may challenge credit card fees	Xbox maker Microsoft noted its planned payment system would allow merchants to take micropayments -- presenting a potential that would challenge to credit card companies.	Microsoft, credit card, Xbox, low interest credit cards, airline credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-tax-time-mail-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-tax-time-mail-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of mail theft at tax time	Tax season is a popular time for mail thieves to steal W-2s, which can allow them to open credit card and other accounts in the victim's name.	tax, tax time, tax season, credit card, credit card applications, W-2s, W-2 theft, mailbox theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-your-credit-score-tips-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-your-credit-score-tips-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use your credit card to help your credit score	Don't end up with no credit! Find out how to help your credit score by using your credit card.	credit card, credit score, credit, credit history, credit cards, cash back credit cards, cash back credit card, reward credit cards, reward credit card, free credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-vending-machines-dallas-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-vending-machines-dallas-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dallas vending machines let the thirsty pay by credit card	Credit card usage has expanded into new areas, including vending machines in Dallas.	credit card, Cadbury Schweppes, credit cards, Visa, American Express, MasterCard, MasterCard PayPass, PayPass, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tax-payments-benefits-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tax-payments-benefits-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay your taxes with a credit card	Learn the benefits of credit card tax payments including transaction security and e-filing.	taxes, credit card, tax, credit cards, reward credit card, cash back credit card, airline credit card, business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-sponsorship-of-World-Cup-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-sponsorship-of-World-Cup-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card sponsorship of World Cup put on hold	World Cup sponsorship in question as MasterCard and Visa battle FIFA.	World Cup MasterCard master card FIFA Visa soccer football
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-debit-card-news-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-debit-card-news-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit cards included in revised MasterCard, Bank of America pricing agreement	MasterCard has revised its agreement with Bank of America regarding debit cards.	debit cards, MasterCard, Bank of America, BofA, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senate-credit-card-industry-reforms-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senate-credit-card-industry-reforms-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Senate considers credit card industry reforms	Critics are focusing on credit card industry practices they believe are a danger to consumers, although Capital One and others have risen to the credit card industry's defense.	credit card, interest rates, interest rate, reward credit cards, Capital One, U.S. Senate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-points-can-be-revoked-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-points-can-be-revoked-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reward points could disappear without notice	Don't sit on points too long. Rewards programs, while popular, last only as long as the company says they do. 	credit card, reward credit cards, reward credit card, credit cards, reward points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-processing-nyc-cabs-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-processing-nyc-cabs-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Plan requires NYC taxis to accept credit, debit cards	A new plan in New York City could require taxi drivers to accept payment in the form of credit cards and debit cards.	credit cards, debit cards, credit card, debit card, cash back, airline miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-card-morgan-stanley-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-card-morgan-stanley-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover to be spun off from Morgan Stanley	Morgan Stanley has announced its plan to spin off the Discover card, allowing it to compete more independently.	Discover, Morgan Stanley, credit card, MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Bank of America, Chase, Citibank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-reward-credit-card-points-for-stays-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-reward-credit-card-points-for-stays-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hotel loyalty programs undergo point value changes	Hotels are increasing the amount of travel reward credit card points needed for free stays.	reward credit cards, credit cards, Hilton Hotels, Hilton, Starwood, Hilton HHonors, Hilton HHonors Platinum Credit Card, Hilton HHonors Visa Credit Card, credit card, Starwood Preferred Guest Credit Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-breakthrough-challenge-by-visa-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-breakthrough-challenge-by-visa-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa offers the business breakthrough challenge	Small business owners who enter the Business Breakthrough Challenge, presented by Visa, can win prizes that will help their business to run more efficiently.	Visa, business credit card, credit card, credit cards, debit cards, Business Breakthrough Challenge, Business Breakthrough
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-payment-mistakes-cause-interest-rate-increases-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-payment-mistakes-cause-interest-rate-increases-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card payment mistakes cause interest rate increases	Find out why your interest may be increasing due to small mistakes in your payments.	credit card, interest rate, minimum payment, low interest credit card, credit cards09io
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-freeze-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-freeze-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit freezes go national, get chilly welcome	All three major credit bureaus have rolled out credit freezes as an identity theft fighting tool, but consumer rights groups say the changes don't go far enough.	identity theft fraud credit freeze experian equifax transunion bureaus reporting agencies consumers cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-warns-2006-holiday-sales-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-warns-2006-holiday-sales-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa warns of potential for weaker holiday '06 sales	Visa has cautioned that sales for the 2006 holiday season may be weaker than it previously estimated.	Visa, holiday, credit card, credit cards, low interest credit cards, reward credit cards 2006
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-company-structure-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-company-structure-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa's corporate structure	Before it went public, Visa had a decentralized structure.	Visa, Visa International Service Association, Visa U.S.A., Visa Europe, Visa Canada, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-information-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-information-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard: Learn the various roles of this market giant	Learn more about Master Card and its role in the credit card industry.	MasterCard, credit card, debit card, Maestro, Cirrus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-jpmorgan-chase-bank.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-jpmorgan-chase-bank.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card giant has grown through acquisitions	Chase has become one of the top U.S. credit card issuers through a series of mergers and acquisitions.	Chase, credit card, Chase Manhattan, J.P. Morgan, JPMorgan Chase, Providian, Bank One
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-points-for-holiday-gifts-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-points-for-holiday-gifts-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward credit card points can become great holiday gifts	Reward credit card points can be redeemed for gift certificates or checks that can be used to buy Christmas gifts this holiday season.	reward, credit, card, airline, miles, Discover Card, cashback, cash, back, gift, flier, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-sponsors-World-Cup-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-sponsors-World-Cup-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard blocks Visa's World Cup sponsorship	Judge rules that MasterCard wins their eight year bid  over Visa to sponsor soccer tournament.	MasterCard, Visa, World Cup, FIFA, credit card, Priceless, credit cards, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-frequent-flier-value-decreases-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-frequent-flier-value-decreases-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Frequent flier programs in need of retooling	Despite a decrease in flight values, mileage credit card rewards require same number of points.	airline credit card frequent flier miles credit cards flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-older-americans-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-older-americans-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Older Americans' credit card debt rising	Bankruptcy filings up among older credit card users, but experts offer quick ways to rein in debt	credit cards, older Americans, retirees, bankruptcy, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-small-businesses-help-entrepreneurs-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-small-businesses-help-entrepreneurs-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards can provide funding to entrepreneurs	Credit cards for small businesses help provide funding for entrepreneurs.	credit cards, credit card, business credit cards, business credit card, credit lines, 0% interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-cards-impact-education-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-cards-impact-education-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt a big concern on college campuses	Studies show college student credit cards affect not only their finances, but their education as well.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, student credit cards, student credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-online-not-in-mail.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-online-not-in-mail.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card offers less likely to come through the mail	Most credit card offers get discarded. Find out why direct mail might soon diminish.	credit card, credit cards, offers, offer, online
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-personal-debt-statistics-0607-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-personal-debt-statistics-0607-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card  industry facts (2006-2007)  	Listing of facts and statistics related to the credit card industry and personal debt.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, personal debt, consumer debt, American Express, Bank of America, Chase, Citi, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corporate-credit-card-personal-credit-score-impact-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corporate-credit-card-personal-credit-score-impact-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Corporate credit cards also impact credit scores	Do you have a corporate credit card in your name? If not handled right -- by you or your company -- it can affect your credit score.	corporate credit cards, corporate credit card, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchants-encourage-debit-PIN-usage-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchants-encourage-debit-PIN-usage-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Merchants encourage use of PINs for debit card payments	Merchants encourage PIN numbers in debit card transactions due to lower fees. Read more at CreditCards.com	PIN, debit card, debit cards, credit cards,  
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-monopoly-game-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-monopoly-game-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card swipes part of updated UK Monopoly board game	The new British version of the classic board game Monopoly, known as Monopoly Here & Now, replaces the game's toy money with a mock Visa-imprinted debit card.	Visa, debit card, debitcard, Monopoly, Monopoly Here & Now
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-cards-maximizing-rewards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-cards-maximizing-rewards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for using airline frequent flier credit cards	Get tips on using airline credit cards to maximize your rewards.	airline credit cards, airline credit card, frequent flier programs, credit card, credit cards, frequent flier program
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-from-Transunion-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-from-Transunion-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card advice from TransUnion	A credit reporting agency shows how credit card applications can negatively affect your credit score.	TransUnion, Experian, Equifax, credit reporting, credit history, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boston-meters-stop-taking-credit-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boston-meters-stop-taking-credit-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Boston meters stop taking credit cards	Boston discontinued credit card and debit card payments at its new parking meters, after city officials learned that their minimum purchase requirement of $2 with plastic violated Visa and MasterCard rules.	Boston, credit card, debit card, Visa, MasterCard, credit cards, debit cards, parking meters
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savvy-holiday-shopping-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savvy-holiday-shopping-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be credit card savvy when shopping for the holidays	Knowing a few things beforehand can make holiday shopping with a credit card a much better experience.	credit card, credit cards, holiday shopping, low interest credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/using-business-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/using-business-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using business credit cards wisely requires balance	Striking a balance in the use of small business credit cards is important, experts say.	business credit cards, business credit card, credit card, credit cards, small business, Discover Card, Discover Business Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/national-consumer-law-center-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/national-consumer-law-center-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Report advises credit card industry changes	A National Consumer Law Center report contends the credit card industry pushes consumers to borrow beyond their means, and recommends new regulations.	credit card, credit cards, terms, fees, interest rates, charges, debt, National Consumer Law Center 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-online-new-password-technology-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-online-new-password-technology-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Company introduces technology for a one-time password in your credit card	Generate a one-time password with your credit card, adding extra security whenever you pay online.	credit card, credit cards, Innovative Card Technologies, InCard, online transactions, online transactions, security, password
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-issuers-pay-336-million-conversion-fees-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-issuers-pay-336-million-conversion-fees-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	$336 million refund for  foreign transaction fee payers	Credit cardholders could get back the additional 2 percent in foreign transaction fees after major U.S. credit card issuers agreed to pay $336 million in claims for charging undisclosed currency conversion fees to Americans who used their credit cards an	credit card, credit cards, currency conversion fees, foreign transaction fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-pin-vs-signature-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-pin-vs-signature-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card payments: PIN or signature?	Three reasons to choose the signature (credit) option over punching in a PIN when using a debit card.	debit, card, PIN, signature
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debts-bought-sold-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debts-bought-sold-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card debts are bought and sold	How credit card debts are purchased by debt collectors, often resulting in problems for consumers and the debt collectors themselves.	credit card debt, debt, credit card, collector, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-and-card-usage-impact-on-house-purchase-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-and-card-usage-impact-on-house-purchase-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards and home purchases	Learn how to use credit cards in your favor in preparation for buying a home.	credit cards, credit card, home buyers, home buyer, house, home, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-card-changes-spending-habits-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-card-changes-spending-habits-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuers look to future with contactless credit cards	The contactless credit card is one way your shopping experience will change in the future.	credit card, credit cards, contactless, blink, Bank of America, Chase, micropayments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-credit-card-companies-grow-2006-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-credit-card-companies-grow-2006-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt surges in June	A rise in consumer debt has led to top credit card companies posting high second-quarter earnings (2006).	credit card debt, revolving debt, credit card, credit cards, American Express, Bank of America, Chase, Citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improving-credit-scores-steps-to-take-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improving-credit-scores-steps-to-take-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to improve your credit score (without going crazy)	Perfect credit scores are not necessary to get lenders' best rates.	credit, credit card, credit score, FICO, Experian, credit cards, credit history, improving credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-security-keeps-cardholders-safe-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-security-keeps-cardholders-safe-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa security keeps cardholders safe	Want a secure credit card? Find out how Visa Security keeps you safe.	Visa credit card, credit card, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-protection-tips-gleaned-from-paris-hilton.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-protection-tips-gleaned-from-paris-hilton.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card loss problems plague Paris Hilton	Paris Hilton is known to leave her credit cards behind in stores, but there are steps she (and other consumers) can take to avoid becoming the victim of unauthorized credit card charges.	Paris Hilton, Paris, Hilton, simple life, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-appearance-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-appearance-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What are those numbers on my credit card?	American Express, MasterCard, Visa and Discover all have 16 numbers -- but all those numbers have different meanings.	credit card, credit cards, credit card number, American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfers-impacted-by-high-interest-rates-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfers-impacted-by-high-interest-rates-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balance transfers impacted by interest rates	As interest rates climb, consumers have been using balance transfers to save money.	credit card balance transfer, balance transfer, credit card, credit cards, low APR credit card, low APR credit cards, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-more-credit-card-offers-in-the-mail-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-more-credit-card-offers-in-the-mail-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to reduce credit card offers in the mail	Federal law allows consumers to opt out of credit card offers.	credit card, opt out of credit card offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-technology-allows-true-window-shopping.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-technology-allows-true-window-shopping.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card needed for literal window shopping	Credit card users visiting the Polo Ralph Lauren store on Madison Avenue in Manhattan can make purchases from outside using an interactive holographic screen on the window.	credit card, Polo, Ralph Lauren, Madison Avenue, U.S. Open
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-cards-help-pay-college-tuition-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-cards-help-pay-college-tuition-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Colleges re-examine credit card tuition payments	Hit with massive credit card processing fees, some colleges and universities are re-examining the acceptance of credit cards for tuition payments.	credit cards, credit card, credit card tuition payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-payment-blocking-by-merchants-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-payment-blocking-by-merchants-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card and debit card blocking	Card payment denied? Learn how some business use blocking to ensure they are paid.	credit card, debit card, blocking, block, blocked, hold, line of credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-issuers-encourage-debit-card-signature-transactions-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-issuers-encourage-debit-card-signature-transactions-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers encourage debit card signature transactions	Why and how banks encourage consumers to sign for debit card transactions instead of using their PIN.	debit cards, debit card, debit, PIN, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/check-credit-report-fix-errors-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/check-credit-report-fix-errors-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prevent credit card denials with a background check 	Consumers can avoid potential problems with credit card issuers by running a background check on themselves and then correcting any erroneous personal information listed in public records.	credit card, credit history, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-comparison-fine-print-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-comparison-fine-print-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fine print: How to read it	With some work, you can understand and compare the fine print of credit card offers.	fine print, comparison, compare, credit card, annual fee, APR, balance transfers, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-sales-end-weak-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-sales-end-weak-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa reports weak end to 2006 holiday sales	Visa said that sales for holiday 2006 appear to have fallen short of its earlier outlook.	Visa, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-safety-measures-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-safety-measures-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Practice credit card receipt safety	Laws attempt to keep credit card and debit card receipts safe from criminals looking to use account information, but consumers must also keep an eye on their card receipts.	credit card, debit card, expiration date, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-warning-signs-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-warning-signs-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to know credit card debt warning signs	Find out if you're in danger of bad credit card debt.  Read the signs at CreditCards.com.	credit card debt, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-faqs-applying-online-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-faqs-applying-online-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FAQs about applying for credit cards online with CreditCards.com	If you're wondering whether it's safe or smart to apply for a credit card here at CreditCards.com, it's both. Here are answers to frequently asked questions	credit cards, credit cards online, credit card, credit card offer, credit card applications, online, faq
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-details-and-information-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-details-and-information-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express: Find a credit card that fits	Is the American Express credit card right for your financial needs? View details on this card program.	American Express, credit card, credit cards, Delta Skymiles American Express Card, cash back, charge card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/instant-credit-card-approval-not-so-instant-1283.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/instant-credit-card-approval-not-so-instant-1283.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Instant credit card approval: What it really means	Does instant credit card approval mean you can use your card right away? Not necessarily.	Instant approval credit card, instant credit card, credit, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/instant-credit-card-approval-FAQs-1283.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/instant-credit-card-approval-FAQs-1283.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FAQs about instant approval credit cards	Learn more about getting instant credit card approval and what it entails.	instant approval, credit cards, credit card, instant approval credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-for-good-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-for-good-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Staying out of trouble with credit cards 	Learn credit card tips on payments and account management that will help keep your debt under control.	credit cards, credit card, credit card trouble
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/comparing-credit-cards-guide-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/comparing-credit-cards-guide-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deciding which credit card is right for you	Learn the four most important factors to consider when comparing credit cards.	credit card, credit cards, credit card reward programs, low interest rate, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Amex, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-and-advice-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-and-advice-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for credit card usage	Spend smarter. Get credit card tips and advice to help you become credit card savvy.	credit cards, credit card, credit card tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/find-credit-cards-with-our-tips-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/find-credit-cards-with-our-tips-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Choosing the right credit card	There is a perfect credit card program out there for you. Which one is right for you will depend on several factors. Learn what they are.	credit card, credit cards, Bank America, Citi, American Express, Discover Card, transfer balances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-cards-guide-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-cards-guide-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 ways to compare credit cards	Compare credit cards with ease and use the information to get the best deal. 	compare credit cards, credit card, credit cards, low interest credit card, frequent flier programs, cash back credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-101-help-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-101-help-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards 101: What are credit cards?	Basic lessons about credit cards. If not used carefully, you may end up owing more than you can repay, damaging your credit rating and creating credit problems for yourself that can be difficult to fix.	credit cards, credit rating, credit history, credit report, establish credit, prepaid credit cards, debit cards, student credit cards, best credit card deal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-foreign-transaction-fees-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-foreign-transaction-fees-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Foreign transaction fees for credit cards:who's affected?	Most cards charge a fee for overseas purchases, but some do not.	credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, foreign transaction fees, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, prepaid debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-history-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-history-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The history of American Express	The history of how American Express rose to prominence as a credit card issuer.	American express, credit card, gold card, platinum card, history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/line-of-credit-versus-cash-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/line-of-credit-versus-cash-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pros and cons of going cashless with a credit card	There are pros and cons to using a line of credit over cash for daily purchases.	Cashless, credit cards, debit cards, credit card, prepaid debit cards, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/check-card-benefits-over-traditional-checks-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/check-card-benefits-over-traditional-checks-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Check card popularity: Benefits of the card	Payment by credit card or debit card offers convenience and security to consumers, and the assurance of payment to merchants.	credit card, debit card, credit cards, debit cards, cash, check, checks, checkbook
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-specials-what-to-look-for-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-specials-what-to-look-for-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to look for in credit card specials 	When looking for credit card special promotions, weigh carefully which will work best for you. 	credit card, credit card specials, low introductory APR, credit card offers, no annual fee, credit cards, credit card debt, airline rewards credit card, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-visa-credit-card-to-others-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-visa-credit-card-to-others-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare Visa credit card to other major cards	Does life really take Visa? Compare the Visa credit card to other cards to see.	Life takes Visa, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card, 0% APR, 5% cash back rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-apply-online-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-apply-online-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Save a tree, apply online	Online green credit card applications allow consumers to submit personal information in a secure, environmentally friendly setting.	credit card, credit cards, credit card solicitations, credit card offer, Do Not Solicit, Do Not Solicit List
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-facts-test-your-iq-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-facts-test-your-iq-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card facts: Test your credit IQ	Find out which credit card facts you should know about your credit accounts.	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, bad credit card, credit card deals
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-and-information-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-and-information-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's your credit card lifestyle?	How to leverage cash back credit cards, frequent flier airline miles and other perks of reward credit card programs.	credit card, credit card debt, cash back credit cards, reward credit card, frequent flyer airline miles, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/benefits-of-using-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/benefits-of-using-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Benefits of using a credit card 	The benefits of using a credit card over other forms of payment, topics including cash back credit cards, frequent flyer miles, reward credit card features from Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card American Express are covered.	credit card, credit cards, cash back, frequent flyer miles, reward credit card, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-myths-debunked-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-myths-debunked-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card myths	Article debunking several myths surrounding the credit card, including that credit cards are not available to people with bad credit, that Visa credit cards are the most widely accepted, and that the cardholder will have to pay for spending if a card gets	credit card, credit cards, bad credit, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, zero liability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-applications-too-many-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-applications-too-many-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How many credit cards do you need?	Learn about the advantages and disadvantages to having more credit card applications or fewer.	credit card, credit cards, credit history, credit card debt, credit limit, number of credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Chase-Platinum-offers-choice-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Chase-Platinum-offers-choice-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase platinum is all about choice	Chase Platinum credit cards have no annual fee and 0% introductory interest. 	Chase, Choose Chase, Your Choice. Your Chase, credit card, rewards credit cards, Chase Platinum Credit Card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-use-credit-cards-for-small-purchases-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-use-credit-cards-for-small-purchases-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Charging small tickets items boost card business	Consumers increasingly use credit cards for to pay for small-ticket purchases.	credit card, credit cards, micropayments, small-change transactions, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-or-credit-differences-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-or-credit-differences-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit cards vs. credit cards	Determine whether you should have a debit or credit card in your wallet.	debit card, credit card, popular, checking account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corporate-credit-cards-versus-small-business-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corporate-credit-cards-versus-small-business-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How small business credit cards differ from corporate cards	Learn how corporate credit cards provide larger organizations with a different payment responsibility.	credit cards, credit card, business credit card, business credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, corporate credit cards, small business credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-credit-card-options-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-credit-card-options-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card options for those with bad credit	While credit card companies reserve their best rates for those with pristine credit, people with less-than-perfect credit have choices, too.	credit card, bad credit, Discover Card, American Express, secured credit card, prepaid debit cards, credit cards for bad credit, debt, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eufora-prepaid-credit-card-helps-improve-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eufora-prepaid-credit-card-helps-improve-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Eufora prepaid credit card may be a wise option	Learn how the Eufora prepaid credit card can help consumers improve poor credit.	Eufora Card, no credit history, credit card, bad credit, Eufora Prepaid Mastercard, rebuild bad credit, establish credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-good-credit-definitions-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-good-credit-definitions-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Good vs. bad credit: Why is this important?	Learn what bad credit and good credit mean and how they affect your financial future.	bad credit, credit card, debt consolidation, good credit, credit history, credit reports, credit bureaus, Experian, Equifax, TransUnion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-freedom-offers-dish-viewers-interactive-tv-ad.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-freedom-offers-dish-viewers-interactive-tv-ad.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase Freedom offers DISH viewers interactive TV ad	Chase launches an interactive ad campaign with a credit card offer visually tailored for DISH network viewers.	Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom credit card, Chase Freedom card, Chase, Freedom, DISH
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Citibank-ATT-extend-credit-card-relationship-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Citibank-ATT-extend-credit-card-relationship-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi, AT&T extend credit card relationship 	Citibank and AT&T have extended their relationship to continue offering AT&T credit cards.	Citi, AT&T, credit card, AT&T Universal Platinum Card, AT&T Universal Rewards Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-credit-card-tips-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-credit-card-tips-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Repairing credit card debt	Advice on repairing credit card debt, including contacting creditors, dealing with debt collectors and debt counselors.	repairing credit card debt, credit card debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-repair-tips-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-repair-tips-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cleaning up and repairing your credit rating 	Worried about your credit score? Let CreditCards.com teach you how to repair it.	repairing your credit, credit rating, credit repair, credit history, credit card, credit score repair
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-credit-card-allows-increased-credibility-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-credit-card-allows-increased-credibility-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Secured credit card: Building credibility and getting needed credit	See why a secured credit card or a prepaid debit card can build your credibility.	bad credit, credit card, credit rating, credit report, pre-paid cards, secured credit cards, secured credit card, prepaid debit card, student credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-credit-cards-applications-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-credit-cards-applications-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No credit history? No problem	No credit history? Learn how to establish credit and get no credit credit cards.	credit cards, credit card, good credit, bad credit, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jimmy-wales-credit-cards-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jimmy-wales-credit-cards-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lay down your cards, Jimmy Wales 	CreditCards.com peers into the co-founder of Wikipedia's wallet to see what credit cards he has stashed there. 	Wikipedia, credit cards, American Express, American Express Platinum, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-bad-credit-from-orchard-bank-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-bad-credit-from-orchard-bank-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When picking a new credit card, consider looking in an Orchard	Orchard Bank offer credit cards for bad credit. 	credit card, Orchard Bank MasterCard,  bad credit, rebuild credit, credit history, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankrupt-credit-card-offers-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankrupt-credit-card-offers-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankrupt and still getting credit card offers?	Bankrupt and still getting credit card offers; how bankruptcy and damaged credit doesn't always stop credit card solicitations but there are options for appropriate cards from First Premier Bank, HSBC and Eufora MasterCard.	bankrupt, credit card, credit card offers, bankruptcy, bad credit, First Premier Bank, HSBC, Eufora MasterCard, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improving-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improving-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Improving credit scores: Steps to get your credit back	Credit repair and how to get back your credit; steps involved in using credit cards to improve your credit report and credit score.	credit repair, credit, credit card, credit report, credit rating, score, improving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/household-bank-and-HSBC-merge-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/household-bank-and-HSBC-merge-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Household Bank, HSBC becoming major credit card issuer	After acquiring Household Bank, HSBC became a major issuer of credit cards, offering various programs.	HSBC, credit card, 0% APR, Household bank, GM Card, reward credit card, Orchard bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-apr-credit-cards-may-help-end-debt-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-apr-credit-cards-may-help-end-debt-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to use low APR credit cards to become debt free	If you carry a balance, shop hard for a low interest rate card.	low APR credit cards, debt free, transfer balances, Eliminate Credit Card Debt, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fixed-rate-vs-various-rate-credit-cards-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fixed-rate-vs-various-rate-credit-cards-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fixed rate credit cards from CreditCards.com	Learn about variable versus fixed rate credit cards at CreditCards.com.	Credit Cards, introductory rates, Low Interest Credit Card, Credit card, Debt Free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zero-percent-credit-card-offers-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zero-percent-credit-card-offers-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zero percent credit card offers: here to stay or a passing fad?	A recent history of low interest, 0% introductory rates and low introductory rates on credit cards; 0% intro rates offers for the personal credit card and what 0% APR balance transfers mean for consumers transferring balances.	credit card, credit cards, 0% Credit Card Offers, 0% introductory rates, 0% APR, low interest credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-interest-credit-cards-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-interest-credit-cards-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Saving on interest expenses with low-interest and 0 percent APR credit cards	Find out how you can save money with low interest credit cards and introductory rates at CreditCards.com	saving on interest, low-interest, 0% APR, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-apr-or-low-interest-save-you-money.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-apr-or-low-interest-save-you-money.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How 0% APR or low interest credit cards can save you money on interest rate expenses		credit card, credit cards, 0% apr, low interest credit cards, low introductory apr, compare credit card offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discovercard-platinum-option-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discovercard-platinum-option-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover gold in platinum credit cards	Is a Discover platinum card right for you? Learn more about the benefits.	Credit cards, credit card, Discover Platinum, Discover Card Services, Discover Platinum Card, cash back rewards, CashBack Bonus, 0% introductory APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-blue-card-press-release-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-blue-card-press-release-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Press release: The American Express Blue Card	Press release describing the American Express Blue card.	American Express Blue Card, Blue from American Express, 0% introductory apr, balance transfer, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-applications-clog-up-mail-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-applications-clog-up-mail-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to opt out of mail, e-mail and telemarketing solicitations	How to cut down on the number of unnecessary credit card applications.	Opt out, junk mail, credit card, telemarketing calls, unsubscribe, national do not call registry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-member-benefits-visa-warranty-manager-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-member-benefits-visa-warranty-manager-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card member benefits: Visa Warranty Manager	Overview of card member benefits such as warranty protection (called warranty manager) that provides warranty extension or extended warranty protection for a Visa credit card.	cardmember benefits, warranty manager, warranty protection, warranty extension, extended warranty protection, credit card, visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-account-management-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-account-management-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to manage credit card accounts online 	How to set up online credit card account management processes to maximize rewards, cash back and miles on credit cards using recurring payments.	online account management, credit card, recurring payments, rewards, cash back, miles, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-skimming-scam-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-skimming-scam-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Skimming 101: How to spot it, avoid it, deal with it	Learn about credit card skimming and find out how you can protect yourself from fraud.	skimming, credit card, credit cards, identity fraud, credit card fraud, credit card skimming
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phishing-credit-card-scam-fraud-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phishing-credit-card-scam-fraud-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card 'phishing': What it means, how to prevent it	What 'phishing' means and how consumers can prevent being a victim of the scam.	phishing, identity theft, online security, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-opt-out-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-opt-out-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card privacy options: How to opt out	Overwhelmed by credit card junk mail? In most cases, you can opt out. Find out how to retain your privacy.	credit card, credit cards, credit card privacy, privacy policy, privacy options, junk mail, opt-out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-protection-tips-when-credit-card-is-lost-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-protection-tips-when-credit-card-is-lost-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wallet protection toolkit	Losing a debit or credit card can have drastic repercussions. Learn what to do at CreditCards.com.	identity protection tips, credit cards, credit card, identity theft, stolen credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lost-card-cardmember-services-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lost-card-cardmember-services-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Limit loss after losing a credit card	Your cardmember services can help you curb financial losses when you lose a card.	credit card, loss of credit cards, debit cards, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-credit-cards-post-bankruptcy-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-credit-cards-post-bankruptcy-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card after bankruptcy	Declared bankruptcy? Learn about how to apply for damaged or no credit credit cards.	credit card, bankruptcy, prepaid debit cards, prepaid debit card, debit cards, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-annual-review-necessary-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-annual-review-necessary-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit report: It should be reviewed on a yearly basis	Learn how pulling your credit report yearly can keep you protected from errors and identity theft.	credit report, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-information-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-information-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scores: What's in them, their importance, their effect	Credit scores are an indicator of your financial health. Here are the basics of how they're built. 	credit score, credit report, creditworthiness, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-york-pataki-credit-card-veto-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-york-pataki-credit-card-veto-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New York governor vetoes bill to protect credit card debtors	New York Governor George Pataki vetoed a bill that aimed to protect consumers from having their credit card interest rates increased under so-called universal default -- which allows card issuers to boost APRs for failure to pay an unrelated bill on time.	credit card, new york, APR, interest rate, universal default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-reports-explained-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-reports-explained-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit report Q&A	Credit reports. Credit reporting agencies. Confused? Answers to common questions about credit reports in Q&A format.	credit reporting, credit card, credit cards, credit rating
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-information-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-information-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What is a credit report?	Just what is a credit report?	credit report, credit card, Equifax, Experian, Transunion, Free Credit Report, Free Credit Score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-consumer-rights-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-consumer-rights-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit and consumer rights	Know your full credit consumer rights at CreditCards.com. Don't get taken advantage of!	credit, credit card, credit rating, credit history, applications for credit, credit payment history, credit problems, credit report, credit cards, credit consumer rights
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-credit-card-disadvantages-1283.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-credit-card-disadvantages-1283.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Store credit cards are enticing, but not always the best choice	Learn about instant approval store credit card disadvantages before opening an account with your favorite retailer.	store credit cards, credit card, credit report, credit score, low interest credit card, 0% introductory APR, cash back, Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, Citi, Chase, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/universal-default-could-raise-your-interest-rates-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/universal-default-could-raise-your-interest-rates-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Universal default: What it is, how to avoid it	Universal default allows credit card companies to periodically check your credit and increase rates if deemed appropriate.	universal default, credit card, credit report, 0% APR Credit Cards, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-collection-agency-old-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-collection-agency-old-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old credit card debt can come back to haunt you	Haunted by credit card debt? Learn what the credit card collection agency is looking for.	credit card debt, credit card, bankruptcy, 0% APR, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-calculation-factors-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-calculation-factors-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What makes up your credit score?	How credit bureaus use credit behavior to calculate a score and how to obtain a free credit report.	credit score, credit card, credit bureaus, FICO score, free credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceling-credit-cards-hurt-score-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceling-credit-cards-hurt-score-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Think twice before canceling an old credit card	Consumers need to think twice before canceling an old credit card because canceling a credit card due to high rates on outstanding credit card debt can hurt a person's credit score.	credit card, credit card debt, canceling a credit card, 0% APR, cash back, reward credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-help-from-pulaski-bank-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-help-from-pulaski-bank-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pulaski Bank can fix your high credit card rates	Pulaski Bank can fix your high rates with fixed APR credit card products; comparing the advantages of fixed rates to 0% APR intro rate offers from other Visa and MasterCard issuers.	Pulaski Bank, high rates, 0% APR, fixed rates, fixed APR, Visa, MasterCard, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-payment-avoids-checks-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-payment-avoids-checks-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Online payment of bills with credit cards: where to start	Tired of writing checks? Learn where to start with online payments.	Online bill pay, credit card, Chase, Citibank, Bank of America, HSBC, cash back, airline miles, electronic bill payments, recurring payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-credit-cards-to-build-credit-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-credit-cards-to-build-credit-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to establish credit with a student credit card	Read tips on how to build credit on the right foot with students credit cards at CreditCards.com.	establish credit, student credit card, credit rating, credit cards for students, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-cards-comparison-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-cards-comparison-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student credit cards vs. debit cards	College students have two major forms of plastic they can use for spending -- debit and credit. Each has advantages, disadvantages.	Student credit cards, student credit card, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card, debit card, prepaid debit card, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-facts-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-facts-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student credit cards facts and advice	Find student credit card facts and advice that will help you manage your account at CreditCards.com.	Student Credit Cards, credit cards, credit card, student credit card, prepaid debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-rewards-credit-card-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-rewards-credit-card-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Earn extra credit with a rewards student credit card	Why a student rewards credit card with great benefits is easy to attain these days.	rewards, student credit card, credit card, reward credit cards, cash back, citi dividend platinum select, chase platinum student card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-savings-credit-card-upromise-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-savings-credit-card-upromise-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	College Savings Credit Card: UPromise credit card	The Upromise credit card leverages everyday credit card spending to apply money toward college. 	credit cards, credit card, Bank of America, UPromise, 0% APR balance transfers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-preferred-payment-method-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-preferred-payment-method-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gen P: The plastic generation	Increase in student credit card and debit card use signal changes in preferred payment methods.	credit cards, credit card, debit cards, prepaid debit cards, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-teens-education-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-teens-education-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards and kids	Your children might be too young to have a credit card, but they should learn about them. 	credit card, credit cards, credit card offers, credit card offer, credit card statement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-apr-credit-cards-to-save-you-money-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-apr-credit-cards-to-save-you-money-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retire those high rate plastics, get a low APR credit card	The marketplace is full of low APR credit cards to help consolidate your debt.	credit card, debt consolidation, eliminate credit card debt, consolidate credit card debt, 0% balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-consolidation-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-consolidation-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card consolidation	Methods for credit card consolidation and how to save money in interest and finance charges.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, credit card consolidation, credit card debt, balance transfers, introductory APR rates, credit card consolidation loan, lower interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transfer-balance-credit-cards-help-reduce-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transfer-balance-credit-cards-help-reduce-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You may transfer your way out of credit card debt	Consider transferring high interest debt to low rate credit cards to avoid debt trouble.	transferring debt, credit card debt, debt free, credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, Amex, American Express, Discover, credit card, credit card debt consolidation loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-interest-rates-help-you-save-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-interest-rates-help-you-save-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt can become a revolving door	To avoid debt, track your spending and use a low interest credit card.	credit card debt, credit card, consumer debt, becoming debt free, debt free, balance transfer, credit card consolidation, debt consolidation, 0% APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-problem-signs-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-problem-signs-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You might have credit card problems if...	Find out if your credit card debt and problems are bad enough for a financial advisor.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, balance transfer, 0% credit card, eliminate credit card debt, Consumer Credit Counseling Service
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-may-save-money-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-may-save-money-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balance transfer may save you money	Smart credit card balance transfers include avoiding too many credit inquires. 	credit card, credit cards, better credit card, credit card debt, higher credit limit, debt consolidation, 0% balance transfer offers, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-lawsuit-causes-mastercard-and-visa-to-pay-government-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-lawsuit-causes-mastercard-and-visa-to-pay-government-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card lawsuit: Visa and MasterCard penalized over debit card fee 	Visa and Mastercard to pay government in a lawsuit settlement. 	Visa, MasterCard, debit card, debit cards, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-lowered-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-lowered-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cut that high credit card interest rate down to size	Lower your credit card rates with these tips. Save money on interest.	credit card, interest rates, credit cards, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-rewards-credit-cards-FAQs-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-rewards-credit-cards-FAQs-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FAQs about airline frequent flier credit cards	Get your questions answered and learn about the benefits of owning an airline rewards credit card.	Airline Frequent Flyer Credit Cards, credit cards, credit card, cash back credit cards, reward credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-miles-strategies-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-miles-strategies-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Strategies for maximizing frequent flier credit card points	Find an airline credit card offer to start earning points toward a free flight.	frequent flier miles, credit card frequent flyer flier airline rewards points strategy maximize
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-business-reward-options-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-business-reward-options-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward options for business credit cards	Business credit cards used to be plain-vanilla, no-frills cards that served only as a way to separate business spending from personal spending. Now business credit cards offer as many reward options as personal credit cards.	credit cards, credit card rewards, frequent flier miles, cash back, co-branded cards, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-airline-credit-card-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-airline-credit-card-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for finding the best airline credit card	Want airline rewards? Compare and determine the best airline credit card at CreditCards.com.	credit cards, credit card, Citi Platinum Select AAdvantage World MasterCard, United Airlines Mileage Plus Signature Visa, frequent flyer credit card, free airline tickets, Value Miles Platinum Visa, Discover Miles Card, Citi PremierPass
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-rewards-credit-cards-selection-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-rewards-credit-cards-selection-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to choose a airline rewards / frequent flier credit card	Researching airline credit cards will help find the card that fits your needs. 	credit card, airline credit card, miles, frequent, flie, flyer credit cards, CitiBusiness AAdvantage Card, Chase Travel Plus Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/book-flights-early-frequent-flyer-miles-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/book-flights-early-frequent-flyer-miles-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Got frequent flier miles? Book that flight early	When trying to redeem credit card frequent flier miles, experts say it's never too early to book that next flight. Redeeming miles earned with a credit card can be challenging at the last minute.	credit card, airlines, credit cards, flights, frequent flyer, flier miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-credit-cards-to-appear-on-facebook.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-credit-cards-to-appear-on-facebook.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase credit cards to appear on Facebook.com	Chase credit cards have begun to appear on Facebook.com, following an agreement between the company's credit-card services unit and the popular social-networking Web site.	chase, credit cards, facebook.com, facebook, credit card, student, students
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advanta-small-business-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advanta-small-business-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Advanta small business credit cards	Press release: Advanta introduces platinum business card with a 0% introductory APR and cash back rewards.	Advanta, business credit card, credit card, Advanta Platinum business card, 0% apr, cash back rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simplify-small-business-bookkeeping-with-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simplify-small-business-bookkeeping-with-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Simplify your bookkeeping with a small business credit card	Small business credit cards can simplify bookkeeping while providing cash back rewards.	credit card, credit cards, corporate credit card, business credit card, small business credit card, simplified bookkeeping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-small-businesses-new-options-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-small-businesses-new-options-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards for small business	You just started a business, but don't know what credit card to get. View your options at CreditCards.com.	credit cards, credit cards for small business, credit card, american express, business credit card, small business credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-rewards-manage-expenses-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-rewards-manage-expenses-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Another business credit card reward: financial management	Business credit card rewards go beyond frequent flier miles and cash back incentives: They provide small business owners important financial management tools, too.	Business Credit Card, frequent flyer, flier, airline miles, cash back, small business, financial, management, tool
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-bonus-credit-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-bonus-credit-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash back bonus credit card: 5% back on everyday purchases	Overview of the cash back bonus credit card featuring 5 percent cash back on everyday consumer and small business spending.	cash back bonus credit card, cash back credit cards, 5% cash back, small business, cash back rebates, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-business-cards-for-small-businesses-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-business-cards-for-small-businesses-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Now open for business: American Express provides open access	Get the best small business credit line with American Express Business Cards.	Open, Now Open, American Express, Open for small business network, open network, Business Gold Rewards Card, Business Green Rewards Card,  Platinum Business Cash Rebate Card, Platinum Business Credit Card, Gold Delta Skymiles Credit Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buyers-fume-at-gas-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buyers-fume-at-gas-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gas buyers fume at credit, debit card limits, 'blocks'	High gas prices, industry practices leave consumers sputtering at the pump when they pay with plastic.	gas debit card cards gasoline hold block approve transaction credit limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-cut-August-2007-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-cut-August-2007-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Surprise rate cut aids markets, but no credit card rate relief	Federal interest rate cut may not affect the federal funds rate for some time. (Aug 2007)	credit card, discount window, Fed, rate, rates, cut, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-mileage-credit-card-for-free-flights-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-mileage-credit-card-for-free-flights-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Get an advantage in business with the CitiBusiness AAdvantage Credit Card	This business mileage credit card puts companies on the fast track to a free flight.	CitiBusiness AAdvantage, MasterCard, Citibank, frequent flyer credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-for-startup-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-for-startup-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using a business credit card to fund your startup	Get a small business credit card to handle your finances until the revenue flows in.	business credit card, credit card, small business credit card, advanta, Citibank, business credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-for-startup-businesses-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-for-startup-businesses-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to choose a small business credit card 		credit card, small business credit card, APR, reward credit cards, cash back credit cards, airline miles, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-credit-card-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-credit-card-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover the new Discover business card	Learn about the benefits that the Discover business credit card has to offer small businesses owners.	Discover Business Card, Discover, credit card, credit cards, business credit cards, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/continental-airlines-business-mastercard-earns-you-miles-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/continental-airlines-business-mastercard-earns-you-miles-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Continental Airlines Business MasterCard provides two miles for every dollar	The Continental Airlines Business MasterCard allows you to earn unlimited miles with flexible shopping.	Continental Airlines Business Card, credit card, credit cards, business credit cards, business credit card, airline miles, frequent flyer miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gm-business-card-earn-cash-back-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gm-business-card-earn-cash-back-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GM business card offers attractive benefits for cardholders	Learn about the GM Business Card and its cash back benefits.	GM Business MasterCard, Chase, cash back bonus, business, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-cards-differ-atm-debit-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-cards-differ-atm-debit-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How do prepaid debit cards differ from bank debit and ATM cards?	Read how cash rebate credit cards work and how you can receive cash back.	prepaid debit cards, credit cards, credit card, debit cards, debit card, Visa, MasterCard, prepaid debit card, Eufora
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-card-wireless-tracking-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-card-wireless-tracking-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New technology features offered for prepaid debit cards	Track your prepaid debit card spending via text messaging on wireless devices.	Prepaid Debit Cards, credit card, credit cards, Visa, MasterCard, prepaid debit card, debit card, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-card-benefits-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-card-benefits-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What are the pros and cons of prepaid debit cards?	Learn prepaid debit card benefits including worldwide functionality and risk-free spending.	Prepaid Debit Cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, prepaid debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-debit-cards-overtake-cash-check-payments-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-debit-cards-overtake-cash-check-payments-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Plastic transactions overtake cash, check payments	The growth of bank debit cards has led the way in overtaking cash and check transactions and has also been driven by broad merchant acceptance.	payment cards, credit cards, credit card, debit cards, debit card, Visa, MasterCard, prepaid debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Rebuild-Your-Credit-with-the-Eufora-Prepaid-MasterCard-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Rebuild-Your-Credit-with-the-Eufora-Prepaid-MasterCard-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rebuild your credit with the Eufora Prepaid MasterCard	Learn about rebuilding credit with a credit card that reports directly to the credit bureau.	rebuild credit, eufora prepaid mastercard, credit cards, credit card, bankruptcy, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid debit cards	Learn how prepaid debit cards provide the benefits of a credit card without risking overspending. 	credit card, debit card, prepaid credit card, prepaid debit card, prepaid debit cards, poor credit, stored value, NetSpend
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-rushcard-provides-low-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-rushcard-provides-low-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid Visa RushCard provides holds down fees 	Learn how the prepaid Visa RushCard provides flexibility and relatively low fees for consumers.	prepaid debit cards, prepaid debit card, credit card, Prepaid Visa RushCard, Baby Phat Prepaid Visa RushCard, Russell Simmons, prepaid Visa, Visa, RushCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-frequent-flier-rewards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-frequent-flier-rewards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to sort through frequent flier rewards programs	How to sort through the multitude of credit card reward programs.	rewards, credit card reward program, credit card, credit card rewards, cash back, reward credit cards, airline credit cards, JetBlue
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-reward-credit-card-rebate-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-reward-credit-card-rebate-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Car rebate credit cards: How to save on your next auto	Looking to buy a new car? Using a car rewards credit card can save you money.	automobile rebate credit cards, Volkswagen Platinum Visa, Subaru MasterCard, Citi Driver's Edge Card, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-reward-credit-cards-points-redemption-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-reward-credit-cards-points-redemption-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gas rebate credit cards: Looking better all the time	Use of a gasoline rebate credit card allows you to lower your monthly fuel bill in several ways.	credit card, credit cards, gas rebate, rewards, rewards cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-airline-reward-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-airline-reward-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash back or airline reward credit cards?	Comparison of cash back and airline reward credit cards	cash back, airline reward credit cards, reward credit cards, cashback reward credit cards, airline miles reward card, credit card, credit cards, airline credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sallie-mae-acquisition-of-upromise-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sallie-mae-acquisition-of-upromise-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sallie Mae completes purchase of Upromise	Sallie Mae completed its acquisition of Upromise on Aug. 23, 2006, joining the nation's top paying-for-college company with the top saving-for-college company.	Sallie Mae, Upromise, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-rebate-credit-card-rewards-for-bills-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-rebate-credit-card-rewards-for-bills-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cut your gas bill with gas rebate credit cards 	Learn how you can use your gas rebate credit card to pay your bill.	gas rebate credit cards, cash back credit card, gasoline rebate, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-card-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-card-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare cash back, reward credit card programs	Compare credit card rewards and cash back programs to choose the best offer for you.	reward credit cards, credit card, credit cards, cash back, credit card rewards programs, apply online, credit card application, rebate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-card-comparison-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-card-comparison-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to compare cash back credit card offers	Overwhelmed with all the cash back reward credit card offers? Learn how to compare offers at CreditCards.com	credit card, credit cards, Cash Back Credit Card Offers, cash back rewards, Discover Card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-rebate-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-rebate-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How cash back credit cards work	An explanation of how cash back credit cards work; overview of flat and tiered earning rate structures for cash back credit cards, three components &ndash; percentage cash back, where extra cash can be earned and how reward is delivered.	Cash Back Credit Cards, Citibank Dividend Rewards MasterCard, Cash Back Credit Card Offers, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-programs-maximized-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-programs-maximized-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Maximize your credit card rewards program	How to leverage household and everyday spending to maximize your reward card program and credit card rewards.	credit card rewards, reward card program, credit card, rewards, credit card reward program, debit card, Rewards Credit Cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-tips-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-tips-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Supersize your credit card rewards program	There are several ways to increase the earning power of your rewards credit card. Earn more points.	credit card rewards programs, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, rewards credit card, Upromise Credit Card, cash back rewards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-reward-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-reward-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to determine which is the best reward credit card for you	Want rewards for spending? Find the best reward credit cards for you at CreditCards.com	credit card, reward credit card, best reward credit card, cash back, Discover Card, Visa, Mastercard, American Express, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-one-card-cash-back-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-one-card-cash-back-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Become one with the American Express One Card	The American Express One Card, which is a new type of credit card that pays cash back into a savings account.	American Express One, One from American Express, American Express, credit card, credit card reward programs, cash back, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-IN-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-IN-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Become part of the IN card crowd	The new IN LA Card and IN Chicago Card from the American Express credit card company, which like the IN NYC Card can allow card members to become part of the IN Crowd.	IN NYC Card, IN LA Card, IN Chicago Card, American Express, INSIDE Rewards, 0% Introductory APR, balance transfers, no annual fee, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-show-me-the-money-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-show-me-the-money-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash back credit cards: Show me the money!	Not all cash back credit cards are created equally, especially when it comes to how the reward is actually paid to the customer.	cash back credit cards, cash back, credit cards, cash back rebate, cash back rewards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-designs-from-discover-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-designs-from-discover-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover the latest in cool card designs	Discover has been innovative by constantly coming up with new credit card designs.	Discover Financial Services, Discover Card, credit cards, credit card, cool card designs, 0% interest rates, cash back rewards, visa, mastercard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-card-programs-for-summer-vacations-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-card-programs-for-summer-vacations-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward card programs can help you save money during your summer vacation	Learn how reward card programs can help you earn airline miles and hotel stays for travel.	credit cards, rewards credit card, free travel rewards, credit card, cash back, points, frequent flier airline miles, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-credit-card-loyalty-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-credit-card-loyalty-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover credit card: Loyalty for cash back, reward programs	Consumers tend to stay loyal to issuers who offer rewards such as Discover credit card.	It Pays to Discover, Discover, Discover Card, credit card, credit card rewards, rewards credit cards, airline miles, cash back, Blue Cash, Discover Gas, Citi Diamond Preferred Rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-card-information-and-comparison-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-card-information-and-comparison-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Selecting the best cash back credit card	Selecting the best cash back credit card involves consumer research. Do yours at CreditCards.com.	cash back credit card, reward credit cards, credit cards, credit card, interest rate, annual fee, points, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-credit-card-by-customer-satisfaction-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-credit-card-by-customer-satisfaction-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express tops credit card satisfaction survey	According to the 2007 Credit Card Satisfaction survey, AmEx provides the highest customer satisfaction. Read more at CreditCards.com.	best credit card, credit card, credit cards, American Express, J.D. Power
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-blue-cash-credit-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-blue-cash-credit-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Blue Cash from American Express	Changes to the Blue Cash from American Express credit card, a cash back credit card with some new and existing great features.	Blue Cash, American Express, credit card, cash back credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-no-hassle-rewards-program-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-no-hassle-rewards-program-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One No Hassle Rewards -- looking out for you	The benefits and rewards of using a Capital One No Hassle Rewards card.	No Hassle Rewards, Capital One, credit card, rewards credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-popularity-increasing-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-popularity-increasing-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward credit cards grow in popularity	The increasing popularity of credit card rewards among consumers has created a competitive market for card companies.	reward credit cards, reward credit card, credit card, credit cards, Discover, Visa, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/home-improvement-credit-card-benefits-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/home-improvement-credit-card-benefits-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards can help pay for home improvements	Planning some home improvements? Consider one of these home improvement credit cards, which have valuable rewards.	credit cards, credit card, major credit cards, major credit card, store credit cards, store credit card, reward credit cards, reward credit card, home improvement credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-card-offer-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-card-offer-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	JetBlue and American Express launch new card	Jet Blue and American Express team up to create a new airline credit card offer.	JetBlue Card from American Express, airline credit card, Jet Blue Credit Card, frequent flyer credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-credit-card-application-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-credit-card-application-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Earn 5% cash back with Discover	Fill out a Discover credit card application and start earning 5% rewards.	cash back, Discover, cash back bonus, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-blink-card-quick-payments-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-blink-card-quick-payments-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase Blink card: New card for speedy checkout	The Chase Blink Card involves remote scanning technology that allows cardholders to breeze through lines at participating locations.	credit card, chase blink card, technology, Chase, RFID, Contact-less Payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-apr-credit-cards-help-consumers-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-apr-credit-cards-help-consumers-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt in 2005	American families are looking to 0% APR credit cards and debt consolidation to reduce costly debt.	credit card, credit card debt, the new bankruptcy law, personal debt, debt consolidation, personal bankruptcy, debt counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-points-starbucks-duetto-visa-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-points-starbucks-duetto-visa-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The new Starbucks Duetto Visa: Wake up and smell the plastic	Coffee addict? Get cash back for your coffee from the Starbucks Duetto Visa card. 	Starbucks Card, Starbucks Duetto Platinum Visa, credit cards, credit card, cash back rebate, rewards, free coffee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-information-2005-year-in-review-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-information-2005-year-in-review-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2005 year in review for credit cards	Review credit card rate increases and other notable credit card events.	credit cards, credit card, prime rate, 0% introductory apr, chase credit cards, JetBlue Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-card-survey-results-moms-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-card-survey-results-moms-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey shows how moms feel about rewards credit cards	A reward card survey indicates moms are dissatisfied with reward programs.	rewards credit card, rewards credit cards, credit card reward, credit card rewards, Disney, Visa, Chase, rewards card, rewards cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/American-Express-cards-to-be-offered-by-banks-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/American-Express-cards-to-be-offered-by-banks-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express: coming soon to a bank near you	American Express is now able to issue cards through banks and partner with national retailers.	American Express, Visa, MasterCard, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-issues-amex-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-issues-amex-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America to issue American Express	Now that the Visa and MasterCard stranglehold has been broken over which bank can issue which card, Bank of America has announced its plans to issue American Express cards.	Bank of America, American Express, credit cards, credit card, Citibank, Visa, MasterCard, Discover Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-minimum-payment-increases-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-minimum-payment-increases-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card minimums are getting more maximum	Credit card minimum payments are increasing.	credit card, minimum payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-becomes-nations-largest-issuer-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-becomes-nations-largest-issuer-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America becomes top credit card issuer	Bank of America becomes the nation's largest issuer of credit cards following the merger with MBNA.	Bank of America, credit card, credit cards, MBNA, B of A, JP Morgan Chase, Bank One, Citibank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-payment-with-virtual-account-numbers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-payment-with-virtual-account-numbers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi offers virtual account numbers to wary online shoppers	Citibank offers its members virtual account numbers to use whenever they make an online payment.	credit cards, Citi, virtual account numbers, online shoppers, visa, mastercard, credit card, zero liability, unauthorized purchases
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-acceptance-at-fast-food-places-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-acceptance-at-fast-food-places-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards make fast food even faster in 2005	Fast food restaurants have become even faster now that you can pay with your credit card.	credit cards, credit card, debit cards, rewards credit card, cash back, airline frequent flyer miles, credit card acceptance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/platinum-card-for-business-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/platinum-card-for-business-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Platinum Card for Business: Liquid capital, business-friendly repayment terms	The Platinum Card from American Express gives business owners the financial solutions they need.	American Express, FreedomPass, new, amex, platinum, credit card, capital, business-friendly, credit cards, zero liability, business card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-blue-sky-credit-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-blue-sky-credit-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Blue Sky from American Express	American Express kicks off the new Blue Sky from American Express, which features rewards from out of the blue; specifically frequent flier miles	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-IRS-bill-with-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-IRS-bill-with-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Occasionally, charging your taxes is OK	The IRS now allows consumers to pay their taxes with a credit card through companies like Official Payments Corporation and how using credit cards for tax bill or tax payments can be a life saver.	IRS, tax bill, taxes, credit card, credit cards, tax payments, official payments corporation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advanta-life-balance-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advanta-life-balance-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Press release: Advanta announces 'Rates for Life' for small businesses 	Press release: Advanta's announcement of low rates for life with its new Life-of-Balance Platinum Card, a new small business credit card.	Advanta, low rates, low rates for life, business credit cards, small business credit card, Life-of-Balance Platinum Card, credit card, Advanta Business Credit Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-fee-tax-payment-with-mastercard-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-fee-tax-payment-with-mastercard-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying income taxes by credit card is now free with MasterCard 	Learn how you can make a no fee tax payment with your MasterCard debit or credit card.	Income taxes, credit card, credit cards, paying income taxes by credit card, MasterCard, Official Payments Corporation, IRS
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-refund-spent-on-debt-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-refund-spent-on-debt-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Got a tax refund? Then get out of credit card debt! 	If you are one of the lucky Americans getting a tax refund this year, instead of buying that new big-screen TV, you may want to pay off card debt instead	tax refund, debt, credit card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/platinum-visa-from-chase.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/platinum-visa-from-chase.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase gets down to business	Chase offers a platinum Visa card for small business customers. 	Chase, JP Morgan Chase, credit card, American Express, Advanta, Citibank, Chase Visa Platinum Business Card, small business credit cards, Visa Business Credit Card, Chase Business Credit Cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-visa-card-from-chase-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-visa-card-from-chase-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase makes rewards a priority	Chase announces the upgrade of its reward Visa card to the Priority Club Rewards Signature Visa.	credit card, Chase, JP Morgan Chase, rewards credit card, Priority Club, Priority Club Rewards Signature Visa, Priority Club Signature Visa, No-preset-spending limit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-study-shows-expense-separation-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-study-shows-expense-separation-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey reveals how credit cards help small business operations	A new small business study shows many business owners use credit cards for easy bookkeeping.	credit cards, business credit cards, credit card, business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phishing-scams-report-from-JP-Morgan-Chase-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phishing-scams-report-from-JP-Morgan-Chase-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Phishing Scams: JP Morgan Chase updated report	JP Morgan Chase reports credit card fraud phishing schemes and fraudulent emails. Read more at CreditCards.com.	Phishing schemes, fraudulent email, Chase, Chase Bank, JP Morgan Chase, identity theft, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-credit-card-applications-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-credit-card-applications-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit credit card applications from Orchard Bank	Orchard Bank offers credit cards for those with bad or no credit. 	Orchard Bank, credit cards, credit card, no credit history, Orchard Bank credit card, rebuild damaged credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-credit-card-used-to-pay-taxes-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-credit-card-used-to-pay-taxes-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward credit card providers allow you to double dip this tax season	Reward credit card providers provide double rewards for cardholders who pay 2005 federal income tax with a credit card.	2005, Reward credit card, credit card, credit cards, tax payment with a credit card, American Express Delta Skymiles, United Mileage Plus Signature Card, Official Payments Corporation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prime-rate-trend-over-past-decade-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prime-rate-trend-over-past-decade-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prime rate trends over the past decade	Prime rate trends indicate a continued increase through 2006.	Prime Rate, prime rate trends, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-programs-beneficial-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-programs-beneficial-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers not alone in loving rewards credit cards 	Consumers aren't the only ones benefiting from the increasing popularity of credit card reward programs.	rewards credit cards, reward credit card, credit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-credit-cards-website-usability-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-credit-cards-website-usability-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover Card site tops in usability 	The Discover credit card website recently topped a user survey in terms of user satisfaction.	Discover Card, DiscoverCards.com, Discover credit cards, credit cards, credit card, online bill payment, Discover Miles Card, Discover Gas Card, Discover Platinum
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-card-recipients-receive-free-gift-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-card-recipients-receive-free-gift-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi offers $50 free gift card with Diamond Preferred Rewards	May, 2006: For a limited time, a Citi is offering a $50 gift card for every approved application for its Diamond Preferred Rewards card.	Citi, credit card, $50 free gift card, Diamond Preferred Rewards, Thank You Rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-hike-May-2006-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-hike-May-2006-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed hikes interest rates for 16th time	The Federal Reserve has announced another interest hike while fighting inflation (May 2006).	Federal Reserve, prime rate, credit card, credit cards, low interest, 0% APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-card-offers-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-card-offers-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Let credit cards work together to save you money	Compare reward credit card offers to see which cards will give you the most benefit.	credit cards, credit card, rewards credit cards, rewards credit card, cash back credit card, airline credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/united-airlines-credit-card-for-small-businesses-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/united-airlines-credit-card-for-small-businesses-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	United Airlines unveils business-class credit card 	Press release about the new United Airlines credit card can earn miles for owners and employees.	United Airlines, credit card, Chase Bank, business credit card, United Mileage Plus Platinum Visa Card, Visa Platinum Business Card, frequent flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/21st-century-vending-machines-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/21st-century-vending-machines-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	21st century 'vending machines' don't take cash 	Credit cards are the only payment option with a new form of 21st century vending machine that doesn't take cash, as the Sony vending machines that dispense Sony products require you to pay by credit card.	credit card, credit cards, debit cards, credit card vending machine, shop online, robotic stores, Sony, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-Amazon-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-Amazon-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Amazon.com offers a Chase Visa rewards card	Earn rewards for your purchases at Amazon.com with the Chase credit card reward program.	Chase Amazon.com Platinum Visa Card, Visa, credit card, rewards credit card, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-Visa-card-for-business-Amazoncom-shoppers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-Visa-card-for-business-Amazoncom-shoppers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Introducing the Amazon.com Business Visa Card	If you love Amazon.com and own a business, CreditCards.com has the best Visa credit card for you.	Amazon.com Business Visa Card, credit card, small business, points, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-increase-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-increase-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed increases interest rates	The Federal Reserve increases interest rates on variable-rate credit cards and home equity lines of credit: June 2006.	interest rates, variable rate, credit cards, credit card, prime rate, Federal Reserve, inflation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vantage-score-offers-new-credit-report-option-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vantage-score-offers-new-credit-report-option-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	VantageScore to join FICO in credit score arena	New credit score organization, Vantage Score, rivals FICO scores. 	VantageScore, credit score, Experian, TransUnion, Equifax, FICO, FICO Score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-credit-card-overseas-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-credit-card-overseas-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card use overseas: Beware conversion, exchange fees	Tips for spending overseas and keeping travel credit card fees to a minimum.	credit card, international, fees, conversion, American Express, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-bank-credit-card-issuers-acquisitions-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-bank-credit-card-issuers-acquisitions-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	For credit card issuers, there's plenty of room at the top	As the major players in the credit card industry continue to jockey for market dominance, it is likely additional mergers will be on the horizon. 	credit card, Chase, Bank One, Bank of America, Wachovia, Citi, Sears, Discover, American Express, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-cards-and-their-use-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-cards-and-their-use-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card use by students is focus of new study	Student credit cards are a rapidly growing market, with many college students having at least one.	credit cards, credit card, college, tuition, loans, revolving balance, student credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discovercard-platinum-gas-reward-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discovercard-platinum-gas-reward-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover Platinum Gas Credit Card	Get more cash back when purchasing gas with the Discover card platinum gas card. 	Discover Platinum Gas, Cashback Bonus, credit card, cash back, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-fees-hurt-retailers-consumers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-fees-hurt-retailers-consumers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fee rules requested by retailers	Should Congress take control and manage credit card fees charged on every transaction? Retailers say yes.	credit card, credit cards, credit card transaction fees, interchange rates, interchange rate, interchange fees, interchange fee, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-service.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-service.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card problems and exit behaviors	Learn why consumers complain about credit card service, rates, and pricing schemes, and why they cancel cards.	credit card, credit cards, Federal Reserve, Fed, central bank, U.S. central bank, exit behaviors, exit behavior
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-issue-identity-theft-alerts-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-issue-identity-theft-alerts-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase, BofA issue identity theft alerts	While many banks have been victims of phishing, online fraudsters have recently used the technique to target Chase and Bank of America credit card and bank account customers. 	phishing, Chase, Bank of America, credit card, credit cards, online fraud, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-membership-rewards-changes-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-membership-rewards-changes-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx announces Membership Rewards changes	American Express is making to its Membership Rewards program. How will the changes impact credit cardholders?	American Express, American Express credit card, amex, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-credit-cards-leave-information-on-computer-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-credit-cards-leave-information-on-computer-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discarding a computer? Then 'shred' online credit card data	Throwing away your old computer? Ensure you remove valuable information left from online credit card transactions.	computer, PC, credit card, credit card information, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cards-teach-kids-children-consumers-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cards-teach-kids-children-consumers-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Teaching children about credit, debit cards	If children are going to grow up into financially responsible adults, today's adults need to explain credit and debit cards to them.	credit card, credit cards, debit card, debit cards, ATM
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-selection-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-selection-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to pick the best student credit card	Selecting a student credit card must be done carefully for debt protection. 	credit card, credit cards, student, students, student credit card, student credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/1-dollar-credit-card-scam-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/1-dollar-credit-card-scam-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	$1 on your credit card can cost you thousands	Article alerting credit card holders to the danger of the new one dollar scam, which can be avoided by careful examination of credit card statements.	credit card, scam, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-cut-back-gas-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-cut-back-gas-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fewer gas rebates for cash back credit cards	As gas prices increase, gas rebate credit cards decrease their cash back rewards. Learn why at CreditCards.com.	credit card, cash back credit card, cash back credit cards, rewards credit card, rewards credit cards, reward credit cards, rewards credit cards, Citibank, Citi, American Express, AmEx
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-collection-agencies-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-collection-agencies-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Understanding credit card debt collection	Learn how credit card debt collection may be aggressively pursued by collection agencies.	credit card, credit card debt, collection agency, collection agencies, debt collector, debt collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-technology-for-vending-machines-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-technology-for-vending-machines-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card technology installed on vending machines	Buy your candy bar with a credit card! Some vending machines take cards. 	credit cards, credit card, debit card, prepaid, MasterCard, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-techniques-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-techniques-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know the latest credit card fraud techniques 	Learn the latest identity theft techniques in order to protect your finances.	credit card, identity theft, credit card applications
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-licenses-clear-credit-card-technology-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-licenses-clear-credit-card-technology-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx licenses clear credit card technology	American Express signs a licensing agreement with Versatile Card Technology to allow VCT to produce clear payment cards for other card issuers.	American Express, AmEx, credit card, payment cards, credit cards, Blue, Blue Cash
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-credit-cards-offered-to-customers-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-credit-cards-offered-to-customers-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards target banks' own customers	Low-fee, high-rewards bank credit cards available only to a bank's customers gain popularity	credit card, credit cards, bank, banks, rewards credit cards, rewards credit card, bank credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-fees-at-gas-stations-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-fees-at-gas-stations-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard to limit interchange fees from gas retailers	MasterCard is introducing a limit on interchange fees paid by gas retailers and will publish all interchange rates that apply to U.S. merchants.	MasterCard, interchange, credit card, credit cards, gasoline, gas, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secure-credit-card-improvements-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secure-credit-card-improvements-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card companies unite for security council	Major credit card companies come together to help give consumers an even more secure credit card.	credit card, American Express, MasterCard, Visa, Discover, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-protection-insurance.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-protection-insurance.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card protection insurance: What you need to know	Credit card protection insurance provides security against unforeseen circumstances. 	credit card, credit card insurance, credit card protection insurance, insurance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-card-in-the-air-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-card-in-the-air-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Some airlines now take only credit cards for in-flight buys	While on an airline, credit cards might be the only way to purchase food, drinks, and entertainment.	credit card, credit cards, debit card, American Express, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-errors-can-be-fixed-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-errors-can-be-fixed-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How errors on your credit report get fixed	Fix errors on your credit report by directly contacting the credit card companies. 	credit report, credit reporting agency, credit agency, credit bureaus, credit bureau, credit card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-interest-rate-cards-profide-safety-net-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-interest-rate-cards-profide-safety-net-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards provide a safety net for cash-strapped consumers	Low interest credit cards act as a safety net to make ends meet during tough financial times.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-line-is-not-income-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-line-is-not-income-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit line shouldn't be viewed as part of your income	Spend within your income, not within your credit line, to avoid serious financial problems.	credit card, line of credit, credit limit, credit limits, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capitalone-mascot-of-the-year-challenge-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capitalone-mascot-of-the-year-challenge-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fur flies in competition for "Capital One National Mascot of the Year"	Capitalone holds furry competition to see who will be the "National Mascot of the Year."	Capital One, mascot, Auburn University, University of Kentucky, Western Kentucky University, Washington State University, Georgia Tech, Air Force Academy, University of Oklahoma, University of Tennessee, University of Wisconsin, North Carolina State Unive
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-condo-payments-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-condo-payments-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Charge that condo!	Luxury condo buyers in New York City may use their AmEx cards to make down payments.	American Express, AmEx, credit cards, credit card, frequent flier miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-students-overview-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-students-overview-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards and your college student	Credit cards for college students are popular. Here are a few things they should consider.	credit cards for students, credit card, credit cards, college, student
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-debt-impacting-retail-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-debt-impacting-retail-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt could hurt holiday sales	Credit card debt impacting your holiday spending? You're not alone.	credit card, credit card debt, holiday, retail sales
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senior-citizen-debt-increasing-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senior-citizen-debt-increasing-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt can weigh on senior citizens	Senior citizens are finding themselves in debt trouble as they take on more lines of credit.	credit card, credit card debt, senior citizen, senior citizens
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-business-credit-cards-spend-190-billion-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-business-credit-cards-spend-190-billion-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa business card spending reaches $190 billion	Visa business credit cards are becoming more popular. Find out more at CreditCards.com	Visa, business cards, business card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-spam-charges-prevention-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-spam-charges-prevention-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect yourself from credit card 'spam charges'	Credit card users need to look out for spam charges -- smaller unauthorized transactions which thieves hope to sneak by on credit card bills.	credit card, credit cards, spam
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-freeze-law-florida-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-freeze-law-florida-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Florida's credit freeze law protects Sunshine State consumers	Florida passes a law allowing consumers to freeze their credit report and limit who sees their credit report in an effort to reduce identity theft. (July 2006)	credit reports, credit report, Florida, credit, credit freeze, security freeze
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-card-benefits-flexibility-increasing-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-card-benefits-flexibility-increasing-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward credit cards provide greater flexibility	Credit card companies are increasing the flexibility of their reward credit card programs due to heated competition for customers.	Chase Freedom, Chase, credit card, reward credit card, flexibility, reward credit card programs, reward credit card program, reward programs, American Express, AmEx, Citibank, MasterCard 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-programs-a-short-history-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-programs-a-short-history-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reward programs: a short history	A short history on reward programs, which led to the popular reward credit cards of today.	reward programs, reward program, reward credit cards, reward credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-processing-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-processing-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why some businesses still don't take credit cards	Small businesses do not always accept credit cards. Find out why at CreditCards.com	credit cards, credit card, fee, reward credit cards, MasterCard, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-rewards-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-rewards-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Earn cash back or points with the Chase Freedom rewards card	The Chase Freedom credit card lets cardholders switch back and forth between earning cash back and reward points without losing either one as they alternate.	Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom card, Chase Freedom credit card, Chase, Freedom, credit card, cash back, rewards credit card, reward points, reward point
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-threatened-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-threatened-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Googling your name can turn up credit card data	Your credit card privacy may not be as secure from identity theft as you think.	google, credit card, credit card number, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-fees-merchants-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-fees-merchants-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Critics challenge retailers on opposition to interchange fees	Critics have responded to merchant opposition to the credit card fees they have to pay.	credit card, credit cards, MasterCard, Visa, reward programs, airline miles, business credit cards, business credit card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-credit-cards-work-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-credit-cards-work-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit cards work	How a credit card works: the magnetic stripe, the point-of-sale terminal that reads and processes the credit card.	credit card, credit cards, magnetic stripe, magnetic stripe reader, point of sale terminal, virtual terminal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-advance-fee-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-advance-fee-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid advance-fee 'credit cards'	Advance-fee credit cards target consumers with bad credit, but charge massive fees, don't rebuilt credit and can't be used like real credit cards. Avoid them.	credit card, credit cards, bad credit, advance fee, Visa, MasterCard, debit card, prepaid debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-rewards-credit-cards-from-chase.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-rewards-credit-cards-from-chase.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase Freedom rewards card	Chase Freedom is one of the cash back rewards credit cards available at CreditCards.com.	Chase Freedom, Chase Freedom card, Chase Freedom credit card, credit card, Chase, Freedom
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-businesses-specialized-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-businesses-specialized-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Small business credit cards bloom, specialize	Credit card companies are trying to tap the small business owner market by offering cards tailored to owners' industries.	credit card, credit cards, business credit cards, industry, specific
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/young-women-suffer-from-greater-debt.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/young-women-suffer-from-greater-debt.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Young women suffer from greater debt	Young women often experience significant debt, due to student loans, lower incomes, and their patterns of credit card use. 	debt, credit cards, credit card, loan, loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-scams-over-telephone-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-scams-over-telephone-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't become a victim of the new telephone credit card scam	Thieves pretending to call from card companies has been one of many credit card scams.	credit card, Visa, MasterCard, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unsecured-visa-credit-card-fines-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unsecured-visa-credit-card-fines-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa, MasterCard take new steps to stop credit card fraud	Visa and Mastercard are fining merchants with unsecured credit card transactions. Read more at CreditCards.com.	Visa, MasterCard, credit card, credit card fraud, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-score-provider-vantagescore-names-burns-to-ceo-post.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-score-provider-vantagescore-names-burns-to-ceo-post.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit score provider VantageScore names Burns to CEO post	New credit score provider VantageScore Solutions LLC has named banking veteran Barrett Burns as its president and chief executive,	credit score, credit scores, credit card, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion, FICO, FICO score, VantageScore
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-pay-on-credit-cards-impacted-by-high-gas-prices.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-pay-on-credit-cards-impacted-by-high-gas-prices.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card late payments increase due to high gas prices	Credit card late payments edged upward this past spring amid high energy prices, although a recent halt in the Federal Reserve's interest rate hikes and lower gas prices should help consumers.	credit card, Federal Reserve, late payments, late payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-in-church-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-in-church-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards used for church donations	Sunday morning leave you without cash? Use your credit card for a donation in church.	credit cards, credit card, debit card, debit cards, church, airline credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-claims-tile-of-worlds-leading-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-claims-tile-of-worlds-leading-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa again claims title of world's leading credit card	Visa announced world's leading credit card. Read more and get your own card at CreditCards.com.	Visa, credit card, world's leading credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-visa-renew-relationship-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-visa-renew-relationship-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America, Visa renew relationship	Bank of America extended its card-branding partnership with Visa until December 31, 2011.	Bank of America, Visa, credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bail-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bail-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards can now literally bail you out	Get out of jail with your credit card! Some county jails accept credit cards to pay bail.	credit cards, credit card, Chemung County, bail, bonds, airline miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/articles-about-credit-cards-latino-market-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/articles-about-credit-cards-latino-market-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase launches credit card ad campaign for Latino market	Learn how Chase is specifically targeting the Latino market, and why they chose to do so.	Chase, credit card, Latino, Hispanic, Confia en Ti. Confia en Chase, Confia en Ti, Confia en Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/popular-credit-card-introduce-no-signature-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/popular-credit-card-introduce-no-signature-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card companies promote no-signature transactions	This new feature from popular credit card companies could save you time making small purchases.	credit card, credit cards, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-company-restructures-and-offers-stock-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-company-restructures-and-offers-stock-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa credit card company announces plans to restructure	Visa credit card company will become a global corporation with public stock	Visa, credit card, MasterCard, National BankAmericard, BankAmericard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dc-cafe-only-takes-plastic-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dc-cafe-only-takes-plastic-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	D.C. cafe only takes plastic	Snap cafe in Washington, D.C., no longer accepts cash, so that customers hungry for its crepes and bubble tea must pay with a credit card or debit card.	credit card, credit cards, debit card, debit cards, Snap Cafe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fee-disclosures-becoming-complicated-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fee-disclosures-becoming-complicated-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Report: Credit card fee disclosures have become overly complex	A new study finds credit card fee disclosures have weaknesses in communicating terms to cardholders.	credit card, credit cards, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citibank, Discover, MBNA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-reporting-agencies-how-they-work-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-reporting-agencies-how-they-work-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The truth about credit reporting	Learn things you may not know about credit reporting at CreditCards.com.	credit report, credit reports, credit bureaus, credit, Equifax, TransUnion, Experian, credit card, Fair Credit Reporting Act, FCRA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-improves-blue-cash-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-improves-blue-cash-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express improves Blue Cash Card rewards	American Express cardholders can now earn unlimited cash back with their Blue Cash credit cards.	American Express, credit card, Blue Cash, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-scam-in-magazines-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-scam-in-magazines-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fraud danger lurks in magazine inserts	Consumers need to be aware of the danger to their personal information from preprinted, preapproved credit card applications included in magazines and catalogs.	credit card, credit card applications, credit card application, pre-approved credit card applications, pre-approved credit card application
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-debit-card-use-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-debit-card-use-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be smart about debit card use	With debit cards becoming more popular in relation to credit cards, consumers need to make smart decisions about their use.	debit card, debit cards, credit cards, credit card, MasterCard, Visa, reward credit cards, debit card usage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-scam-in-romania-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-scam-in-romania-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Learn how to avoid the latest credit card identity theft scam	Learn how to avoid a possible identity theft scam. 	credit card, Visa, Romania
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fees-rates-penalties-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fees-rates-penalties-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping watch on credit card fees could save you money	Credit card users should be on the lookout for the addition of new rates, fees, and penalties that have been added to existing cards.	credit card, fees, fee, credit card rates, credit card penalties
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/news-about-credit-cards-mastercard-and-visa-suspend-transactions-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/news-about-credit-cards-mastercard-and-visa-suspend-transactions-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card transactions suspended on illegal music site	Visa and Mastercard cancel credit transactions on illegal music sites. 	Visa, MasterCard, credit card, AllofMP3.com, Apple, iTunes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-card-savings-plans-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-card-savings-plans-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NetSpend raises interest rate on prepaid card's savings plan 	Save more with NetSpend's prepaid credit card interest rates.	NetSpend, prepaid debit card, debit card, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-performance-moodys-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-performance-moodys-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Moody's sees better credit card performance in August	Moody's finds improved credit card performance receivables.	credit card, credit, Moody's, Moody's Investor Service, credit card receivables
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-swipe-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-swipe-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No-swipe credit cards could let thieves swipe your info	Two UMass computer scientists demonstrated how easy it could be for credit card thieves to grab information from no-swipe credit cards that employ RFID technology.	credit cards, credit card, RFID, UMass, credit card theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-and-online-shopping-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-and-online-shopping-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Online shopping options offer credit card safety	Learn the credit card fraud dangers of online shopping and how to avoid them.	credit card fraud cards Citibank Discover PayPal eBay Visa MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unsecured-credit-cards-without-a-social-security-number-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unsecured-credit-cards-without-a-social-security-number-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wells Fargo customers could be next to get credit cards without Social Security numbers	Wells Fargo offers unsecured credit cards for those without Social Security numbers. 	Wells Fargo, credit cards, Bank of America, credit card, social security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-miles-card-for-small-businesses-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-miles-card-for-small-businesses-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover business miles card: Earn miles with limited restrictions	The Discover Business Miles Card offers small business owners the opportunity to earn airline miles.	Discover Business Miles Card, credit card, airline miles, Discover Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-credit-card-ads-roll-out-on-bike-cabs-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-credit-card-ads-roll-out-on-bike-cabs-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase credit card ads roll out on bike cabs	Chase its marketing its credit card products to college students in Ann Arbor, Mich., by providing free bike taxi rides.	Chase, credit card, Facebook.com, student credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-of-visa-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-of-visa-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa: A short history	Read the history of Visa credit cards at CreditCards.com.	Visa, Bank of America, BankAmericard, NBI, National BankAmericard, IBANCO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-loan-to-pay-off-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-loan-to-pay-off-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying credit card minimums with a personal loan	Stuck with hard to pay credit card debt? Learn about the possibility of a personal loan.	credit card, personal loan, unsecured personal loan, unsecured personal loans, credit card balance, credit card balances, credit card debt, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-cards-for-unemployment-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-cards-for-unemployment-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit cards to replace unemployment checks in Indiana	The state of Indiana has replaced its unemployment checks with prepaid Visa debit cards.	debit cards, debit card, unemployment, Visa, prepaid debit card, Indiana
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-credit-card-payments-outlawed-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-credit-card-payments-outlawed-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Online gambling: Law bars processing credit card bets 	The Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act calls on credit card companies and banks to stop processing online gambling transactions.	credit card, online gambling, credit cards, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-companies-potential-liability-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-companies-potential-liability-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Critic charges credit cards pose product liability issue	An article in the University of Illinois Law Review charges that a case of products liability could be leveled against credit cards.	credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-from-Discover-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-from-Discover-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com offers the new Discover Business Card	Press release: Business credit card from Discover now available through CreditCards.com	Creditcards.com, Discover Business Card, Discover Card, credit card, credit cards, business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-subject-to-change-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-subject-to-change-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card 'change in terms' often accompany privacy policy	You should look carefully at your credit card's terms. They can change with just 15 days' notice, and are often hidden within privacy notices.	credit card, privacy policy, change in terms, low interest credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-impact-auto-insurance-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-impact-auto-insurance-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scores can impact auto insurance rates	Consumers' use of credit cards affects not only their credit scores, but their insurance premiums as well.	insurance, car insurance, credit card, credit cards, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-testing-cell-phone-credit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-testing-cell-phone-credit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America to test cell phone credit cards	Bank of America employees in Delaware will begin testing cell phones that can be used as credit cards.	Bank of America, credit cards, credit card, Chase, Visa, cell phone, cell phone credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-and-safety-of-your-cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-and-safety-of-your-cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards, debit cards and payments fraud	Consumers need to protect personal information when shopping and at home. 	credit cards, debit cards, credit card, debit card, fraud, federal reserve, federal reserve bank, credit card fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-sweepstakes-offers-chance-to-win-100k-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-sweepstakes-offers-chance-to-win-100k-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa $100K sweepstakes for the holidays	$100K holiday Visa Sweepstakes!  	Visa, credit card, holiday promotion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-payment-with-credit-cards-soon-to-be-replaced-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-payment-with-credit-cards-soon-to-be-replaced-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards projected to share online payment spotlight 	Retailers are gradually moving from online credit card payments to alternative payment methods that cost less.	credit cards, credit card, eBay, PayPal, Google, debit card, Bank of America, online payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/home-improvement-credit-card-offers.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/home-improvement-credit-card-offers.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Home improvement credit cards		
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-medical-bills-by-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-medical-bills-by-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Paying medical bills with credit cards leads to debt	It is not recommended that consumers use credit cards to pay medical bills. Debt quickly adds up.	credit card debt, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-sponsorship-challanged-by-mastercard-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-sponsorship-challanged-by-mastercard-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa blocked from helping to challenge MasterCard for World Cup sponsorship	Visa sponsorship in question due to MasterCard and FIFA lawsuit. Read more at CreditCards.com.	Visa, MasterCard, FIFA, World Cup, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-credit-card-at-Sams-Club-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-credit-card-at-Sams-Club-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard credit cards to be accepted at Sam's Club	Sam's Club now accepting MasterCard Credit Card instead of Visa. Read about it at CreditCards.com	MasterCard, credit cards, Sam's Club, credit card, Visa, Discover Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-holiday-credit-card-debt-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-holiday-credit-card-debt-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid holiday-related credit card debt	By making some good decisions about credit card debt, paying for holiday gifts with plastic doesn't have to be a painful experience.	credit card, credit card debt, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-currency-transaction-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-currency-transaction-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Preliminary approval granted in credit card foreign currency transaction fee settlement	A panel of judges ruled that foreign currency transaction fees by Visa, MasterCard, and Diners Club broke antitrust laws and other legal requirements.	credit card, MasterCard, Visa, Bank of America, Citi, Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-Sweepstakes-to-win-house-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-Sweepstakes-to-win-house-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard sweepstakes offers a chance to win a home	Find out how you could win a home in the MasterCard Sweepstakes.	MasterCard, credit card, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/biometric-fingerprint-technology-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/biometric-fingerprint-technology-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A credit card in the tip of your finger	Biometric technology can allow shoppers to make credit card purchases with nothing more than a fingerprint.	credit card, biometric, debit card, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-401ks-when-paying-off-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-401ks-when-paying-off-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying off credit card debt vs. funding your 401(k)	 How to fund 401(k)s when trying to pay off accumulated credit card debt. 	credit card, credit card debt, 401k retirement plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-credit-card-from-Visa-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-credit-card-from-Visa-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Enlightenment in a credit card	The Enlightenment Card from Visa allows users to make the world a better place while charging purchases.	credit card, Visa, MasterCard, credit cards, debit cards, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-options-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-options-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards with style	Innovations in style and design allow consumers to have their own personalized credit card.	credit card, American Express, Bank of America, Chase, credit cards, personalized credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-points-credit-card-incentives-for-wealthy-consumers-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-points-credit-card-incentives-for-wealthy-consumers-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards for wealthy consumers become even more rewarding	Card issuers hope to get wealthy shoppers to charge more of their holiday purchases. Learn more at CreditCards.com.	credit cards, reward credit cards, American Express, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, reward points credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-options-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-options-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers take aim at small business owners	Small business credit cards represent a great market for issuers, but business owners need to consider certain factors before signing up for a business credit card.	credit card, credit cards, business credit cards, business credit card, small business credit cards, small business credit card, Visa, American Express, cash back credit card, Discover, Blue Cash for Business Credit Card, Blue Cash
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-unveils-affinity-banking-programs-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-unveils-affinity-banking-programs-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America set to unveil new affinity banking programs	Bank of America is set to build on its successful line of affinity credit cards with banking products tied to various organizations.	Bank of America, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-credit-card-and-impact-credit-score-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-credit-card-and-impact-credit-score-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you cancel that credit card?	You may want to cancel a credit card,  but it can actually hurt your credit score.	credit card, credit cards, credit score, cancel credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-cards-for-teens-prevent-overspending-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-debit-cards-for-teens-prevent-overspending-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid debit cards for the youth market	Learn how debit cards for teens can be good teaching guides when set with prepaid spending limits.	prepaid debit cards, debit cards, prepaid debit card, credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-cards-holiday-season-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-cards-holiday-season-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card payments will dominate Christmas spending, study says	A study predicts holiday shoppers will use their debit cards more than credit cards and checks.	debit card, credit cards, credit card, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-interest-credit-card-and-other-holiday-tips-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-interest-credit-card-and-other-holiday-tips-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 tips to curb holiday credit card mistakes	Experts offer 10 tips on how to enjoy the holidays while avoiding credit card debt stemming from too much spending.	low interest, rate, zero percent, credit card, credit counselors, credit counselor, credit card debt, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/origin-of-credit-cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/origin-of-credit-cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Origin of credit cards	Ever wondered how credit cards came to be? Learn about the origin of credit cards.	credit card, credit cards, Diner's Club, American Express, Bank of America, MasterCard, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-shopping-incentives-for-credit-card-customers-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-shopping-incentives-for-credit-card-customers-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Holiday shopping incentives for credit cards can be tempting 	Although holiday shopping incentives can be tempting, personal information may be used for marketing initiatives. 	credit card, Visa, MasterCard, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boston-parking-meters-violate-visa-mastercard-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boston-parking-meters-violate-visa-mastercard-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Boston parking meters require minimum charge in violation of Visa, MasterCard rules	Boston's new parking meters have a minimum charge requirement for payment cards, in violation of rules set by credit card associations Visa and MasterCard.	Visa, MasterCard, credit card, credit cards, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-impacted-by-federal-reserve-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-impacted-by-federal-reserve-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the Federal Reserve impacts your credit card interest rates	Your credit card rate is closely tied to the Federal Reserve's targeted interest rate.	credit card, interest rate, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/major-credit-cards-for-international-travel-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/major-credit-cards-for-international-travel-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards replace travelers checks for Americans overseas	Popularity of using major credit cards for Americans overseas instead of travelers' checks has increased recently.	credit cards, travelers checks, debit cards, credit card, debit card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Capital One, major credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mileage-credit-card-miles-expiration-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mileage-credit-card-miles-expiration-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mileage rewards: How to use your points before they expire	With new expiration guidelines, consumers should watch their mileage credit card points carefully.	airline credit card miles reward debit expire flyer flier mileage points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-use-causes-decline-in-checks-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-use-causes-decline-in-checks-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card use spurs decline in check writing	The convenience and speed of credit card use has spurred a decline in check writing.	credit card, debit card, credit cards, reward credit card, airline credit card, credit card use
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-credit-card-issuer-is-Chase-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-credit-card-issuer-is-Chase-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase passes Bank of America to become top credit card issuer	Chase Bank surpassed Bank of America and became the top credit card issuer in the USA.	Chase, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, credit cards, Bank of America, American Express, BofA, AmEx
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-reward-credit-card-perks-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-reward-credit-card-perks-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Earn rewards with a corporate credit card	Read how a business reward credit card can earn you free flights and other perks.	corporate credit card, credit card, credit cards, corporate credit cards, American Express, small business credit cards, MasterCard, small business credit card, business credit cards, business credit card, Visa, Starwood Preferred Guest Business Credit Ca
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-safety-advice-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-safety-advice-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Photocopy your credit cards for safety	Making a photocopy of all the credit cards in your wallet can provide you with necessary information in case of a theft.	credit cards, credit card, low interest credit cards, airline credit cards, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-loans-lose-popularity-to-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-loans-lose-popularity-to-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Housing slowdown could see U.S. consumers turn to credit cards	A slowdown in the U.S. housing market could have consumers spending more on credit cards.	credit cards, charge cards, credit card, charge card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-low-interest-credit-card-from-bank-of-america-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-low-interest-credit-card-from-bank-of-america-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America Rewards American Express Card offers low interest and rewards	The Bank of America Rewards American Express Card combines the savings of a low interest credit card with the perks of a rewards credit card.	Bank of America Rewards American Express Card, low interest credit card, rewards credit card, credit card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-visa-mastercard-world-points-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-visa-mastercard-world-points-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America Visa Signature WorldPoints Rewards and World MasterCard with WorldPoints share features	The Bank of America Visa Signature WorldPoints Rewards card and the Bank of America World MasterCard with WorldPoints card are two credit cards that offer very similar benefits.	Bank of America, Bank of America Visa Signature WorldPoints Rewards, Bank of America World MasterCard with WorldPoints, credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-cards-rewards-points-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-cards-rewards-points-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Earn cash back with the Financial Rewards Visa Platinum Plus Card	You can earn points for future purchases with Visa credit cards rewards.	Financial Rewards Visa Platinum Plus, Bank of America, reward credit card, credit card, Visa, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petrewards-visa-credit-card-earns-veterinary-points-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petrewards-visa-credit-card-earns-veterinary-points-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The PetRewards Platinum Plus Visa Credit Card will make both pets and their families happy	Learn how the PetRewards Visa credit card can help earn discounts on pet food, services, and shelter donations.	PetRewards Platinum Plus Visa Credit Card, Visa, credit card, reward credit card, Bank of America
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-student-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-student-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America Student Visa Platinum Plus Credit Card helps young people establish credit	The Bank of America Student Visa Platinum Plus Credit Card is geared toward college students looking for a credit card that can help to build their credit history.	Bank of America, student, Visa, Platinum Plus Credit Card, credit cards, building credit, student credit cards 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wyndham-rewards-mastercard-free-hotel-nights-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wyndham-rewards-mastercard-free-hotel-nights-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Enjoy your hotel stay using the Wyndham Rewards MasterCard	PRESS RELEASE: Start using the Wyndham Rewards Mastercard, and earn free nights at hotels.	Wyndham Rewards MasterCard, Press release, MasterCard, credit card, reward credit card, Bank of America
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-issues-low-interest-credit-card-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-issues-low-interest-credit-card-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America Platinum Plus Visa Card offers low interest and more	Consumers can build their credit score with a low interest credit card from CreditCards.com.	Bank of America Platinum Plus Visa Card, Bank of America, Visa, low interest credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/apply-for-credit-card-without-ssn-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/apply-for-credit-card-without-ssn-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America offers credit cards with no Social Security numbers needed	Bank of America lets you apply for credit card specials without a Social Security number.	Bank of America, credit cards, credit card, illegal immigrants
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-rising-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-rising-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Experian study finds rise in U.S. credit card usage	Learn about the trends in credit card debt, scores and usage and what's affecting them.	Experian, credit card, credit cards, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-study-shows-rise-in-Hispanics-usage-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-study-shows-rise-in-Hispanics-usage-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit card use and revolving debt rising among Hispanics	A new credit card study shows credit card use and revolving debt among Hispanics has grown since 2001.	credit card, Hispanics, Hispanic, Latino, credit cards, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-signature-cards-target-wealthy-consumers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-signature-cards-target-wealthy-consumers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa Signature ad campaign highlights premium rewards	Find the rewards for you from the new line of Visa Signature cards.	Visa, Visa Signature, credit card, credit cards, Chase Freedom Visa Card, Chase Freedom, Marriott Rewards Visa Signature Credit Card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payjr-prepaid-credit-card-for-teens-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payjr-prepaid-credit-card-for-teens-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid MasterCard credit card lets kids shop, but blocks certain transactions	The Payjr prepaid credit card is a MasterCard lets kids shop, but prevents them from making certain types of transactions.	MasterCard, prepaid credit card, credit card, Payjr, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boost-credit-score-raise-credit-card-limits-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boost-credit-score-raise-credit-card-limits-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Boost your credit score by raising your credit card limits	By asking banks or credit unions for an extension of the limits on their credit cards, consumers can improve their credit scores. 	credit score, credit card, credit, credit cards, credit limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-processing-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-processing-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to select a credit card processor for your business	Business owners should look beyond their business credit card issuer when selecting a credit card processor, weighing such factors as fees, equipment, lag time, and extras.	credit card, credit card processor, business credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-credit-card-scams-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-credit-card-scams-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of unsolicited First National 'credit cards' in the mail	Consumers who activated what appeared to unsolicited credit cards from First National may have found out too late that these mailings instead contained merchant cards.	First National, credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vishing-credit-card-fraud-over-the-phone-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vishing-credit-card-fraud-over-the-phone-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Thieves go 'vishing' for credit card info over the phone	A type of credit card fraud called 'vishing' starts with fraudulent inquires about personal information over the phone.	vishing, credit card, phishing, VoIP
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-bank-of-opportunity-campaign-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-bank-of-opportunity-campaign-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America to introduce "Bank of Opportunity" ad campaign	Top U.S. credit card issuer Bank of America is prepared to kick off a new advertising campaign, featuring the tagline "Bank of Opportunity."	Bank of America, Bank of Opportunity, Higher Standards, credit card, Citi, Chase, credit cards, Keep the Change
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-ceo-defends-credit-card-pilot-program-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-ceo-defends-credit-card-pilot-program-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BofA defends 'no SSN' credit card pilot program	In a piece in The Wall Street Journal, Bank of America's Chairman and CEO defended the pilot program which markets credit cards to consumers without Social Security numbers in the L.A. area.	Bank of America, credit card, credit cards, BofA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-credit-cards-allow-credit-building-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-credit-cards-allow-credit-building-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting a credit card early can save you money later on	Increase in student credit card and debit card use signal changes in preferred payment methods.	credit card, credit history, credit score, student credit card, New Millennium Bank Secured Platinum Visa or MasterCard, credit cards, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-credit-card-cash-back-program-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-credit-card-cash-back-program-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One credit card offers straightforward cash back program	The Capital One No Hassle Cash Rewards credit card offers a more straightforward cash back program than some other credit cards.	Capital One, credit card, cash back, cash back credit cards, cash back credit card, Capital One No Hassle Cash Rewards credit card, Capital One No Hassle Cash Rewards card, Capital One No Hassle Cash Rewards, credit cards, American Express, Discover, AmEx
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-numbers-and-phishing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-numbers-and-phishing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card, Social Security numbers: Are they online?	Are your credit card and Social Security numbers online somewhere? A new tool lets you find out.	Social Security, credit card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-prevention-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-prevention-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take easy precautions to avoid credit cards pitfalls	Find debt prevention tips that will keep you stay in control of your credit cards.	credit cards, credit card, credit score, credit limit, credit history, reward credit card, cash back credit card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-credit-card-application-for-cell-phones-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-credit-card-application-for-cell-phones-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay via cell phone with new MasterCard credit card tool	ViVOtech plans to put a MasterCard credit card application inside cell phones for tap-and-go payments.	credit card, RFID, MasterCard, ViVOtech, credit cards, cell phone, mobile
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Citi-to-stop-practice-of-universal-default-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Citi-to-stop-practice-of-universal-default-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi to stop practice of universal default on credit cards	Does universal default affect you? Citi Cards stops universal default on its Citi-branded credit cards.	Citi, universal default, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-developed-by-russell-simmons-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-developed-by-russell-simmons-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Learn more about the prepaid Visa RushCard	Get your prepaid Visa RushCard developed by Russell Simmons at CreditCards.com.	Prepaid Visa RushCard, RushCard, Def Jam, Phat Farm, Russell Simmons, credit cards, credit card, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-from-baby-phat-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-from-baby-phat-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	All about the Baby Phat Prepaid Visa card	Baby Phat fan? Apply for a prepaid Visa Baby Phat Rushcard at CreditCards.com.	Baby Phat Prepaid Visa RushCard, Prepaid Visa RushCard, Baby Phat, Prepaid Visa, Visa, RushCard, Russell Simmons, prepaid debit card, Visa debit cards, Visa debit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-cards-require-less-approval-time-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-cards-require-less-approval-time-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting a RushCard is fast and easy	See why prepaid cards are more quickly approved than regular credit cards.	RushCard, credit card, Prepaid Visa RushCard, prepaid Visa, Visa, Russell Simmons, prepaid debit card, credit cards, Baby Phat Prepaid Visa RushCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-credit-card-fee-structure-changes-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-credit-card-fee-structure-changes-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard changes fee structure on credit cards	Retailers are protesting the planned changes to the MasterCard credit card reward program.	MasterCard, credit cards, reward credit cards, credit card, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-services-simplified-with-charge-com-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-services-simplified-with-charge-com-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Accept credit card payments using Charge.com	Selecting Charge.com as your merchant services provider can simplify managing your business.	Merchant account, merchant accounts, credit card, credit cards, Charge.com, merchant services
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-for-startup-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-for-startup-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Grow your business with American Express card acceptance		American Express, credit card, merchant services, merchant account, merchant accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-processing-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-processing-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why accept credit cards using merchant processing?	Accepting credit cards using merchant processing can be a beneficial move for businesses.	merchant accounts, credit cards, merchant processing, credit card, merchant account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-account-services-paynet-processing-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-account-services-paynet-processing-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Let Paynet Systems help your business process credit card transactions	Businesses can obtain credit card processing and other merchant account services from Paynet Systems. Learn more at CreditCards.com	Paynet Systems, Paynet, credit card, merchant account, merchant account, merchant processing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-offers-green-credit-card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-offers-green-credit-card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America to offer "green" credit card	Bank of America plans to offer eco-friendly credit cards later in 2007 as part of a $20 billion environmental program.	Bank of America, eco-friendly credit card, credit card, BofA, WorldPoints Rewards, WorldPoints, WorldPoints Platinum Plus MasterCard, Bank of America World MasterCard with WorldPoints
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-coverage-when-renting-car-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-coverage-when-renting-car-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card may provide rental car damage coverage	Your rental car may already be insured with credit card coverage. Learn more at CreditCards.com.	credit card, rental car, collision damage waiver, CDW, credit cards, Visa, American Express, AmEx, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-senate-response-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-senate-response-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers respond to Senate's critical glare	Credit card issuers Bank of America, Citi, and Chase responded to a U.S. Senate panel's tough look at their industry.	credit card, senate, Bank of America, Citi Cards, Citi, BofA, Chase Card Services, Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interchange-fees-debated-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interchange-fees-debated-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Merchant group welcomes senate's critical look at credit card interchange fees	Interchange fees looked at by senate as a downfall for merchants. Read more at CreditCards.com	Merchants Payments Coalition, merchant account, credit card, interchange fees, interchange fee, debit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offer-no-ssn-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offer-no-ssn-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House bill challenges issuance of credit cards without Social Security numbers	A pilot credit card offer doesn't require Social Security numbers, fueling controversy over illegal immigration.	credit cards, credit card, Social Security number, Photo Identification Security Act, Bank of America, BofA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-for-NY-police-recruits-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-for-NY-police-recruits-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards ease costs for New York Police Department recruits 	Police Academy rookies are being offered low interest Visa credit cards to help pay for equipment.	credit cards, Visa credit cards, Visa, credit card, Visa credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fees-for-merchant-accounts-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fees-for-merchant-accounts-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A brief look at merchant account fees	When selecting a merchant service provider, look at the fees charged for accepting credit cards.	merchant account, merchant service provider, credit card, merchant accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-card-rewards-motiva-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-card-rewards-motiva-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New Discover Motiva credit card rewards on-time payment	Get rewarded for paying on time with the Motiva Discover Card. 	Discover, Motiva, credit card, cash back credit card, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-ceo-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-ceo-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Bankers Association CEO highlights positive credit card changes	The CEO and president of the American Bankers Association highlighted some of the recent changes to the credit card industry that have helped consumers.	credit card, credit cards, American Bankers Association, bad credit, excellent credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-cards-savings-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-cards-savings-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Making rewards credit cards, saving work together	Picking the rewards credit card with the best perks can be an easier way for consumers to save than by manipulating their cash flow.	credit card, rewards credit card, low interest credit card, credit cards, 0% APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-APR-increase-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-APR-increase-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid higher credit card interest rates	Consumers are not powerless when it comes to their credit card's interest rate. Careful complaining can lower the rate; learn how.	credit card, default pricing, balance transfer credit cards, balance transfer credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-roulette-at-dinner-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-roulette-at-dinner-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Play credit card roulette, win a free meal	Should you chose credit card roulette for your next group dining experience? 	credit card roulette, credit card, debit card, credit cards, rewards credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gratiscard-credit-card-security-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gratiscard-credit-card-security-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Security-conscious GratisCard shows no personal information	The GratisCard credit card will show no personal information and uses a PIN number for transactions.	GratisCard, credit card, PIN, Visa, MasterCard, bad credit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-processing-security-risks-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-processing-security-risks-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card industry focuses on restaurant security measures	The credit card industry has begun to penalize restaurants that do not follow proper security precautions.	credit card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-card-morgan-stanley-spin-off-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-card-morgan-stanley-spin-off-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Morgan Stanley set to spin off Discover Card unit	Morgan Stanley provided details on its plan to spin off the Discover credit card business.	Morgan Stanley, Discover, credit card, DFS, Visa, MasterCard, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phone-credit-cards-used-for-payment-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phone-credit-cards-used-for-payment-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa outlines plans for cell phone credit cards	The president and CEO of Visa announced investments and partnerships that will help the company move ahead with the concept of using cell phones like a credit card or debit card.	Visa, credit cards, credit card, debit card, cell phone credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late-delinquent-payment-2006-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late-delinquent-payment-2006-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Late credit card payments unchanged in final quarter of 2006	The American Bankers Association said the percentage of credit card payments that were delinquent remained basically flat in the fourth quarter of 2006.	credit card, credit cards, American Bankers Association, ABA, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-credit-card-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-credit-card-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover stakes its claim in small business credit card sector	Discover has recently entered into the small business market with the Discover business credit card.	Discover, small business credit card, small business credit cards, business credit card, business credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-security-law-holds-retailers-responsible-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-security-law-holds-retailers-responsible-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Under Minnesota Plastic Card Security Act, retailers would pay for theft of credit card info	Learn how a credit card security law holds retailers accountable for storing account numbers stolen for fraudulent purposes.	credit card, credit cards, debit cards, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-and-protection-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-and-protection-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards offer superior protection against unauthorized use	Paying with a credit card offers greater fraud protection. Learn why they're safer than debit cards.	credit cards, credit card, debit card, debit cards, credit card privacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-card-life-board-game-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-card-life-board-game-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa card in board game: Learning credit responsibility	The board game Life is going to feature the Visa card, teaching players credit responsibility.	Life Takes Visa, Visa, Visa credit cards, Visa credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-program-home-improvement-options-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-program-home-improvement-options-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing home improvement credit cards	Start earning credit card reward points when making purchases for your next home improvement project.	credit card, credit cards, Chase Home Improvement Rewards Credit Card, Home Depot Rewards MasterCard, Citi Home Rebate Platinum Select MasterCard, Nest Credit Card from American Express, Nest Credit Card, Chase, MasterCard, Citi, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-for-college-students-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-for-college-students-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa offers free credit scores to college students 	Visa provided college students with 5,000 free credit scores as part of 'Financial Literacy Month' for April 2007.	Visa, credit scores, credit score,  student credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-processor-company-purchased-by-KKR-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-processor-company-purchased-by-KKR-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card processor company purchased by KKR	Private equity firm buys out First Data, a credit card processor. Read more at CreditCards.com.	credit card, First Data, debit card, KKR, processor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-telephone-scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-telephone-scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fraud targets merchants	Identity theft over the phone has merchants revealing shopper's credit card information.	credit card, fraud, merchants 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/BofA-credit-card-baseball-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/BofA-credit-card-baseball-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America credit card can take you out to the ballgame	The new Bank of America MLB Extra Bases credit card lets cardholders earn points that can be redeemed for baseball-related rewards.	Bank of America, credit card, MLB Extra Bases credit card, rewards credit card, credit card rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-updates-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-updates-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover updates some of its top credit cards	Discover has updated the names, appearances, and rewards programs for some of its popular credit cards.	Discover, credit cards, credit card, Discover Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-ad-campaign-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-ad-campaign-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Amex updates ad campaign	American Express introduces 'Are you a cardmember?' as its new advertising catchphrase.	American Express, American Express cards, American Express card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-with-CreditCovers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-with-CreditCovers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCovers let you personalize your credit card	CreditCovers lets a consumers have a personalized credit card. Choose your decorative design today.	CreditCovers, CreditCover, credit card, balance transfer credit card, personalized credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-at-Coca-Cola-vending-machines-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/MasterCard-at-Coca-Cola-vending-machines-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard to be used at Coca-Cola vending machines	Following a contract with Coca-Cola, MasterCard will be accepted for vending machine purchases. Learn more at CreditCards.com.	MasterCard, credit card, PayPass, coca-cola
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-credit-card-payments-rise-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-credit-card-payments-rise-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minimum credit card payments rise	The increase in minimum monthly payments for credit cards issued by major banks has both positives and negatives for consumers.	credit card, credit cards, minimum payments, balance transfer credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bofa-lawsuit-keep-the-changer-program-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bofa-lawsuit-keep-the-changer-program-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America sued over "Keep the Change" program	Bank of America is being sued for allegedly infringing on another company's patent with BofA's "Keep the Change" program for debit card purchases.	Bank of America, BofA, Keep the Change, debit card, credit card, lawsuit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Credit-Abuse-Resistance-Education-program-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Credit-Abuse-Resistance-Education-program-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Judge starts Credit Abuse Resistance Education to educate young credit card users	A bankruptcy judge founds the Credit Abuse Resistance Education program dedicated to educating students about fiscal responsibility.	Credit Abuse Resistance Education program, credit cards, credit card, credit card debt, credit card debt, Judge Ninfo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-students-parents-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-students-parents-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Parents should play a role in students' credit card selection	Learn how to avoid debt and choose the best credit cards for students	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, student credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-reward-credit-card-popularity-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-reward-credit-card-popularity-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers prefer airline credit cards to cash back cards	Recent trends show increasing preference for an airline reward credit card over cash back cards.	airline credit cards, airline credit card, cash back credit cards, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-rate-credit-cards-stay-low-with-timely-payments-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-rate-credit-cards-stay-low-with-timely-payments-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to avoid credit card fees	Keep interest to a minimum on low rate credit cards by paying bills on time.	credit card, credit card fees, credit card fee, balance transfer credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-china-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-china-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America to offer credit cards in China	Bank of America will join with China Construction Bank to offer credit cards in China.	Bank of America, credit cards, credit cards in China, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-delinquent-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-delinquent-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit 101: What happens to delinquent credit card accounts?	Having delinquent credit cards can quickly result in having a bad credit history and other repercussions.	credit card, delinquent, credit report, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-accounts-gain-interest-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-accounts-gain-interest-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards allow you to earn interest	Paying with your credit card means funds stay in your bank account longer, earning more interest.	credit cards, credit card, cash back, reward credit card, bank accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-vending-machines-increase-sales-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-vending-machines-increase-sales-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use your credit card for small purchases in vending machines	Vending machines increasingly accept credit cards, making small purchases easy. Read more at CreditCards.com.	credit card, debit card, credit cards, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-time-resolutions-to-reorganize-finances-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-time-resolutions-to-reorganize-finances-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tax time resolutions can help get your financial house in order	Quick tax time resolutions can help you gain control of financial weaknesses.	credit cards, balance transfer credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-over-the-limit-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-over-the-limit-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of over-the-limit fees when using a credit card before your payment is processed	A consumer could get hit with over-the-limit fees if they use their credit card before the card issuer processes the cardholder's monthly payment. 	credit card, credit, credit limit, over-the-limit fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Sotheby-credit-card-program-offers-unique-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Sotheby-credit-card-program-offers-unique-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sotheby's credit card offers museum rewards	The new Sotheby credit card program allows individuals to earn points toward goods and services including museum donations.	Sotheby's, credit cards, credit card, reward credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/text-message-payments-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/text-message-payments-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Order by text message, pay by credit card	Make purchases via text message and pay with credit your credit card. It's 21st century shopping.	credit card, MasterCard, text message, ShopText
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-survey-proves-their-popularity-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-survey-proves-their-popularity-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey shows consumer preference for debit cards	A new debit card survey shows consumers prefer debit cards to credit cards.	debit cards, debit card, credit cards, credit card, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/devices-enable-card-skimming-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/devices-enable-card-skimming-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pocket-sized devices enable credit card skimming	Pocket-sized scanners allow crooks to skim credit card information when consumers hand over their plastic at stores, restaurants, and gas stations.	credit cards, credit card, credit card skimming
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/alternative-merchant-services-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/alternative-merchant-services-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Alternative payment methods grow in acceptance	Survey results showed a leap in the acceptance of alternative payment methods at major online retailers.	credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-credit-cards-reward-loyalty-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-credit-cards-reward-loyalty-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Store credit cards get upgrade	Customer loyalty has store credit cards fine tuning reward programs for valued shoppers.	credit cards, credit card, debit card, reward credit card, credit card rewards, rewards cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smarter-doesnt-mean-richer-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smarter-doesnt-mean-richer-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Smarter doesn't mean richer	A recent study found that smarter people may earn more money, but that doesn't mean they are necessarily wealthier.	credit cards, credit card, smart, wealthy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-allowances-for-kids-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-allowances-for-kids-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash allowances best for kids	Experts recommend a cash allowance for children, rather than just buying them whatever they want or allowing use of a credit card.	credit card, prepaid card, debit card, allowance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-responding-to-criticism-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-responding-to-criticism-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ABA says card industry responding to criticism	The head of the American Bankers Association told lawmakers that the credit card industry is responding to criticism.	credit card, credit cards, American Bankers Association, criticism
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-credit-card-rewards-going-green-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-credit-card-rewards-going-green-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best credit cards are going green	Let your best credit card rewards benefit the environment when you make purchases.	credit cards, credit card, Bank of America, Chase, Citi, cash back credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-cards-for-younger-users-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-cards-for-younger-users-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card options for those under 18	For those under 18, prepaid cards are available.	credit cards, credit card, prepaid cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-cards-offset-rising-airline-costs-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-cards-offset-rising-airline-costs-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Air travel costs on the rise	Redeem your credit card frequent flier miles as more airlines raise the costs of fees for flying.	Northwest Airlines WorldPerks WorldPerks airline credit card frequent flier credit card flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Master-Card-hosts-charity-auction-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Master-Card-hosts-charity-auction-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard Priceless Moments charity auction	MasterCard is hosting a charity auction where eBay bidders can bid on experiential prizes.	MasterCard, Priceless Moments, Charity auction
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-pay-paperless-statements-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-pay-paperless-statements-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paperless credit card statements: Right for you?	Paperless statements from banks and other financial institutions can be beneficial for corporations and consumers, but there areissues to consider before going electronic.	credit card, Citi, paperless statements
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-card-offers-paperless-statements-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-card-offers-paperless-statements-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paperless Citi statements mean more trees	Save trees with Citi Card paperless statements.	Citi, credit card, paperless statements, green
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-visa-world-cup-sponsorship-dispute-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-visa-world-cup-sponsorship-dispute-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Swiss panel could influence World Cup dispute	Swiss panel influences Mastercard sponsorship battle over World Cup. Read more at CreditCards.com	MasterCard, Visa, World Cup, sponsorship dispute
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-security-from-verisign-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-security-from-verisign-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	One-time password deal announced	Deal announced on one-time passwords that boost credit card security. 	credit cards, credit card, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gamers-reward-credit-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gamers-reward-credit-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	World of Warcraft credit card	The World of Warcraft Rewards Visa allows credit card users to earn WoW online game time with every qualifying purchase.	World of Warcraft, credit card, reward credit card, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Citi-launches-new-brand-ad-campaign-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Citi-launches-new-brand-ad-campaign-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi launches new brand, ad campaign	Citi has launched a new advertising campaign featuring the theme "Let's Get it Done."	Citi, Citigroup, Let's Get it Done
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Secured credit cards can help build, repair your credit	Secured credit cards offer borrowers access to a line of credit, even if those borrowers don't have good credit histories. Here's how they work.	secured, credit, card, score, borrow, unsecured
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-borrowing-surge-March-2007-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-borrowing-surge-March-2007-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer borrowing surges in March	Read how consumer borrowing surged in March 2007 despite the housing slump.	credit cards, credit, federal reserve, consumer borrowing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-green-spending-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-green-spending-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi ups green spending	Citi announced a commitment of $50 billion to environmental projects during the next decade.	Citi, credit card rewards programs, credit card, Bank of America, green program, environment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-card-protection-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-card-protection-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protection for contactless cards	National Envelope Corporation's Smart Card Guard is a new line of protective sleeves and envelopes that protect the information on contactless cards.	smart card, contactless card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-options-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-options-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Free credit report: Do you need to pay for it?	Manage your credit and decide how to get your free credit report.	credit scores, credit reports, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Exxon-credit-card-dispute-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Exxon-credit-card-dispute-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Exxon cancels Connecticut government's credit cards	Exxon gas station credit cards for Connecticut's state agencies are canceled over tax dispute.	gas credit cards, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-card-benefits-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-card-benefits-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	All-Access Prepaid MasterCard	No bank account, credit check, or monthly fee required.  Is a prepaid credit card right for you? 	All-Access Prepaid MasterCard, MasterCard, prepaid card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-car-auto-credit-card-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-car-auto-credit-card-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying a car with a credit card	Using a low interest credit card rather than a car loan to finance a car could be an option, as long as you are aware of what could trigger an increase in the card's APR.	auto, automobile, car, low interest credit card, credit card, balance transfer credit card, car loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/randal-pinkett-apprentice-trump-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/randal-pinkett-apprentice-trump-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards helped launch 'Apprentice' star's early career	Randal Pinkett, winner of "The Apprentice," explains how credit cards helped him get early ventures off the ground.	Randal Pinkett, credit cards card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-company-names-new-ceo-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-credit-card-company-names-new-ceo-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa credit card company announces new CEO	Joseph Saunders will be the new CEO for the Visa credit card company. 	Visa, MasterCard, credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-continental-finance-gold-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-continental-finance-gold-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Continental Finance Gold MasterCard	Bad credit? The Continental Finance Gold MasterCard can help you repair damaged credit or build credit history.	Continental Finance Gold MasterCard, bad credit, credit card, bad credit credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-Premier-bank-low-interest-cards-for-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-Premier-bank-low-interest-cards-for-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Press release: First PREMIER Bank Secured Credit Card		First Premier Bank Secured Credit Card, First Premier, bad credit, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poor-credit-jobless-unemployed-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poor-credit-jobless-unemployed-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poor credit can leave you jobless	Poor credit could affect whether you get hired for a job, since many employers look at applicants' credit reports.	bad credit, credit report, credit history, bad credit credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-history-can-hurt-loan-chances-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-history-can-hurt-loan-chances-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do if you have no credit history	Struggling with no credit history? Find out who else has no credit at CreditCards.com	no credit, bad credit, bad credit credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-comparisons-good-vs-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-comparisons-good-vs-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Good rates for bad credit	Credit card comparisons show that bad credit credit cards can have lower interest rates than other cards.	bad credit, credit card, good credit, bad credit credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-good-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-credit-good-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	From no credit to good credit	Consumers can go from having no credit to good credit of they follow some basic strategies and always make their payments on time using bad credit credit cards.	no credit, bad credit, credit card, bad credit credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-improves-accuracy-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-improves-accuracy-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO score change to impact bad credit consumers	A September 2007 tweak to Fair Isaac's FICO credit score is likely to impact consumers with bad credit or those seeking a bad credit credit card.	credit score, credit card, bad credit, bad credit credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/missed-payments-cause-credit-issues-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/missed-payments-cause-credit-issues-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Miss a month, pay a lot	Bad credit, as the result of missing a single credit card payment, can end up costing lots of money.	credit card, bad credit, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-divorce-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-divorce-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorce can result in bad credit	There's a link between bad credit and divorce. Learn how to avoid the pitfalls.	bad credit, credit score, bad credit credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-timing-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-timing-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spring cleaning for your wallet	Periodically transferring credit balances to a lower interest card may be a good strategy. 	credit cards, balance transfer credit card, rewards credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mortgage-payments-accepted-from-american-express-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mortgage-payments-accepted-from-american-express-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express for mortgage payments	Do you own a home? Soon you can pay your mortgage with American Express. Learn more at CreditCards.com.	American Express, credit card, Nest Credit Card, mortgages
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/predatory-lending-practices-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/predatory-lending-practices-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of predatory lending	Predatory lending involves unfair interest rates and fees and often targets consumers with bad credit or low incomes who may have fewer options when borrowing money.	bad credit, credit, predatory lending, low income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Fed-seeks-to-change-credit-card-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Fed-seeks-to-change-credit-card-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed seeks to change credit card rules	The Federal Reserve has proposed new rules that would require credit card issuers to communicate rates and fees through credit card disclosures more clearly.	credit card, Federal Reserve, credit cards, credit card disclosures
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-rights-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-rights-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act	The act and its amendments give consumers powerful rights in credit reporting, guaranteeing free access to the credit data and the right to fix errors	credit report, bad credit, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-options-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-options-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Customized credit cards sweep the market	Personalize your credit card! CreditCards.com lets you know the options for creating a unique card.	credit cards, credit card, Capital One, Bank of America, CreditCovers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-counseling-information-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-counseling-information-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What is credit counseling?	Have bad credit?  Learn how credit counseling can help you.	credit counseling, consumer credit counseling, bad credit 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scores-and-who-they-impact-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scores-and-who-they-impact-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Misery loves company	Consumers with bad credit should not feel alone, since millions of other Americans also fall into the subprime lending category.	bad credit, subprime, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-deals-available-in-iraq-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-deals-available-in-iraq-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Iraqi credit cards take off	Iraqis can now apply for credit cards and use them for overseas business transactions. Learn more at CreditCards.com	credit cards, credit card, prepaid credit card, Iraq
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-small-business-practices-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-small-business-practices-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit Card Small Business Practices: How one startup grew successfully	In this interview, Nick Iovacchini discusses how credit cards were used in the launch of his sports-apparel company, GameWear.	GameWear, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-debt-post-graduation-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-debt-post-graduation-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Diploma does not erase credit card debt	How should students handle credit card debt post-graduation? Learn some techniques at CreditCards.com.	credit card, student credit card, credit card debt, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/piggybacking-improving-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/piggybacking-improving-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Piggybacking' your way out of bad credit	Consumers with bad credit can pay to 'piggyback' onto the credit card accounts of others in an effort to boost poor credit scores.	bad credit, credit card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-members-project-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-members-project-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx asks cardholders to join 'members project'	With "The Members Project," American Express is inviting cardmembers to offer and vote on ideas aimed at making the world a better place, with AmEx contributing up to $5 million for the winning concept.	American Express, AmEx, the members project, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poor-credit-impacts-insurance-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poor-credit-impacts-insurance-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Court backs insurers in credit scores case	Learn how insurers do not need to notify you if poor credit is affecting your rates.	Fair Credit Reporting Act, credit, bad credit, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-restructuring-to-improve-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-restructuring-to-improve-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt restructuring through a mortgage broker	Learn how debt restructuring with a mortgage broker can help improve bad credit.	mortgage broker, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smile-youre-maxed-out-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smile-youre-maxed-out-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Smile! You're MAXED OUT...	This review of the documentary film "Maxed Out" gives readers an idea of what to expect from the movie's critical look at the U.S. credit card industry.	maxed out, credit card, video, James Scurlock, documentary
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/silver-lining-options-for-clouded-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/silver-lining-options-for-clouded-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The silver lining: new options for clouded credit	Consumers with bad credit will welcome the relatively recent popularity of prepaid credit cards and secured credit cards.	bad credit, bad credit credit card, prepaid credit cards, secured credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-bad-credit-can-improve-credit-scores-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-bad-credit-can-improve-credit-scores-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Climbing the credit quality ladder	Managed responsibly, credit cards for bad credit can help you improve your credit rating.	bad credit, credit cards, secured credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-study-demonstrates-Americans-feelings-about-credit-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-study-demonstrates-Americans-feelings-about-credit-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Taking Charge': America's relationship with credit cards	A survey of Americans' credit card habits and attitudes shows many people think credit cards are an easy way to fall into debt	charge, credit cards, benchmark study, credit card study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-statistics-debt-decline-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-statistics-debt-decline-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Economic data shows decline in credit card debt	Statistics show a decline in credit card debt. As consumers pay off their bills.	credit card debt, credit card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-with-cobranding-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personalized-credit-card-with-cobranding-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Co-branded credit cards offer advertising 	The personalized credit card is a rapidly growing business through the use of co-branding.	credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bofa-citibank-black-credit-cards-wealthy-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bofa-citibank-black-credit-cards-wealthy-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BofA, Citi bet on black for wealthy customers	Bank of America and Citi introduce black credit cards featuring the American Express logo designed for the banks' wealthiest clients.	credit card, Bank of America, BofA, Citi, American Express, AmEx, black credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lose-job-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lose-job-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoiding bad credit when you lose a job	The unemployed should take steps to avoid getting slapped with bad credit after losing a job.	bad credit, credit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/james-scurlock-maxed-out-documentary-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/james-scurlock-maxed-out-documentary-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	James Scurlock on 'Maxed Out' documentary	Filmmaker James Scurlock sits down with CreditCards.com to answer questions about 'Maxed Out,' his documentary on the credit card industry.	Maxed Out, Scurlock, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-tax-payments-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-tax-payments-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying small business taxes with plastic	Learn how small business tax payments can be paid by credit card when facing limited cash flow.	business credit cards, business credit card, credit card, taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-cards-delta-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-credit-cards-delta-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta amends credit card processing deal	Delta has eliminated holdbacks with credit card processors, ensuring it will receive payment when consumers use airline credit cards.	Delta, Visa, MasterCard, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-borrowing-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-borrowing-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards integral to small business financing	Business credit cards represent a viable option for small businesses in need of some funds.	credit card, business credit cards, business credit card, small business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canadian-jailed-for-bad-credit-card-scam-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canadian-jailed-for-bad-credit-card-scam-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canadian gets 11 years for bad credit credit card scam	A Canadian man was sentenced to 11 years in jail for a scam that fraudulently promised bad credit credit cards to U.S. consumers.	bad credit, bad credit credit card, credit cards, secured credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-prices-cards-limits-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-prices-cards-limits-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Higher gas prices mean bumping against pump limits	Higher gas prices have credit card users bumping up against limits on pay-at-the-pump charge amounts.	credit card, gas credit card, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-business-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-business-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa Business Platinum with Preferred No Hassle Miles	Visa Business credit card provides frequent flier miles for business owners	Visa Business Platinum with Preferred No Hassle Miles, Capital One, business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Foreign-Travel.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Foreign-Travel.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Foreign travel, your credit card and currency conversion	Fees such as those generated by a new credit card payment process known as dynamic currency conversion (DCC) could raise the cost of purchases travelers make while abroad.	credit cards, credit card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-lottery-tickets-with-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-lottery-tickets-with-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying your lottery tickets with a credit card?	Can you buy lottery tickets with your credit card? Perhaps not, as reported by CreditCards.com.	credit card, lottery, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-2007-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-2007-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer Action 2007 Credit Card Survey	The advocacy group Consumer Action found that credit card rates have increased 2 percent since 2005.	credit card, credit cards, Capital One, Bank of America
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reduced-credit-limits-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reduced-credit-limits-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers may reduce credit limits	Learn the reasons why an issuer may decide to reduce the credit limit on a consumer's credit card.	credit card, credit, line of credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-loans-vs-credit-card-payments-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-loans-vs-credit-card-payments-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt getting paid back before mortgage debt	Consumers may be focusing their repayments on credit cards instead of bank loans or mortgages.	credit card debt, bad credit, bad credit credit cards, mortgage, subprime
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-sponsorship-decided-for-World-Cup-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-sponsorship-decided-for-World-Cup-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card sponsorship for World Cup decided	MasterCard drops sponsorship lawsuit against FIFA, and Visa will be the sponsor. Read more at CreditCards.com	MasterCard, FIFA, Visa, credit card, World Cup, soccer, football
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Visa-Provides-IPO-Details-4417.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Visa-Provides-IPO-Details-4417.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa sets IPO date	Visa announced details of its impending stock sale, and it's a doozie: Even at the low end of its projected price, it would by far become the  largest initial public offering in U.S. history.	Visa, MasterCard, credit card, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-transfers-to-credit-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-transfers-to-credit-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Move your student loan to a credit card? Wha-a-a-a?	Struggling with student loans? Learn the options of transferring to a credit card.	credit card debt, credit card, student loan, student loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-pitfalls-rewards-credit-cards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-pitfalls-rewards-credit-cards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid rewards credit card pitfalls	The perks provided by a rewards credit card, including cash back, can be outweighed by pitfalls consumers should avoid. 	reward credit cards, credit card, reward credit card, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reviews-from-former-sportsman-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reviews-from-former-sportsman-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lay down your cards, Zane Curry	Athlete-turned-entrepreneur Zane Curry describes which credit cards he keeps in his wallet.	Zane Curry, credit cards, Capital One, Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-espn-rewards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-espn-rewards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ESPN Total Access Visa Credit Card	The ESPN Total Access Visa rewards credit card enables sports fans to earn points redeemable for exciting sports-related perks.	ESPN, ESPN Total Access Visa, credit card, rewards credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-small-business-credit-card-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-small-business-credit-card-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First National Bank Business Edition Visa Card	Find information about a Visa small business credit card that offers savings for business travel.	First National Bank, First National Bank of Omaha, Business Edition Visa, business credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discovercard-platinum-gas-reward-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discovercard-platinum-gas-reward-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover Monogram credit card	Get more cash back when purchasing gas with the Discover card platinum gas card.	Discover Monogram, Discover Card, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-cards-student-monogrammed-option-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-cards-student-monogrammed-option-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover student monogram credit card	New Discover cards for students give users the opportunity to fully personalize their credit cards.	credit card, student credit card, Discover Student Monogram, Discover Card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-clear-information-and-benefits-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-clear-information-and-benefits-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Clear from American Express	Clear is an AmEx credit card with no annual or late fees.	Clear from American Express, American Express, credit card, American Express card, cash back credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-checks-required-by-Apple-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-checks-required-by-Apple-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit customers pay more for Apple iPhones	Consumers wanting the iPhone must submit to credit checks and may be required to pay up to $1,000 security deposit if credit's no good.	iPhone, Apple iPhone, credit, bad credit, credit card, credit check
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Credit-Card-cash-advances-increase-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Credit-Card-cash-advances-increase-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card checks can be costly	Credit card fees can be costly when using credit card checks for some quick cash.	credit card, credit cards, cash advance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-cards-offer-summer-bonuses-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-cards-offer-summer-bonuses-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover Card makes summer even better	Discover Cards have numerous cash back opportunities over the summer, including vacations and gasoline points. Find out more at CreditCards.com	Discover Card, Discover credit card, cash back credit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-used-to-start-business-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-used-to-start-business-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The house that Jessica built with small business credit cards	Learn how small business credit cards got the Svoboda clothing line up and running.	Svoboda, credit cards, credit card, credit card debt, Discover, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-payment-tips-for-paying-on-time-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-payment-tips-for-paying-on-time-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for paying bills on time	Learn bill payment tips that will help you make payments on time and ensure all charges are authorized.	bad credit, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/defaulting-on-student-loans-should-be-avoided-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/defaulting-on-student-loans-should-be-avoided-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Defaulting on student loans: Don't do it! 	Defaulting on a student loan can have a number of negative consequences, including leaving the borrower with bad credit.	defaulting, student loan, bad credit, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fast-food-credit-cards-weight-gain-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fast-food-credit-cards-weight-gain-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you blame a credit card for those extra pounds?	Data suggests that consumers may be contributing to their own weight problems by making fast-food purchases using credit cards and debit cards.	credit card, bad credit, Visa, debit card, credit cards, debit cards, weight gain
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-accounts-fico-rules-change-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-accounts-fico-rules-change-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fair Isaac to stop recognizing authorized user accounts	FICO score developer Fair Isaac plans to introduce a new credit scoring model that does not recognize credit card accounts for authorized users.	FICO, credit card, good credit score, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-services-from-chase-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-services-from-chase-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase helps credit card users stay in control	Chase credit card services include receiving credits for enrolling for free alerts, automatic payments, and online statements.	Chase, credit card, Discover Motiva, Citi, credit card services
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-scam-charity-organizations-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-scam-charity-organizations-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Thieves use charitable donations to enable credit card scams	Crooks who want to see whether stolen card numbers are valid use charitable donations to check.	credit card, credit cards, charitable donations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-card-technology-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-card-technology-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Contactless credit cards hope they catch a wave	Wave your contactless credit card to effortlessly charge your purchase. Why are retailers slow to adopt it?	credit card, credit cards, MasterCard, American Express, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-credit-card-class-action-lawsuit.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-credit-card-class-action-lawsuit.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx likely to face class action lawsuit	American Express could face a class action suit on charges it billed cardholders for travel insurance unnecessarily.	AmEx, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-credit-card-scores-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-credit-card-scores-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	For Gen M, pizza's on par with good credit	In a poll of young adults, Celent found that maintaining good credit and having enough money for pizza are that group's top financial goals.	credit, credit scores, bad credit, credit card, debit card, prepaid card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payments-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payments-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Plastic payments displacing cash, checks	Credit cards continue to displace cash and checks as the preferred method of payment at businesses across the U.S.	credit cards, debit cards, credit card, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/soup-entreprenuer-david-ansel-credit-cards-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/soup-entreprenuer-david-ansel-credit-cards-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Soupstrapping 	A soup peddling entrepreneur uses a credit card to finance his career switch	credit card, credit cards, Advanta, MasterCard, soup peddler
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-minimize-debt-maximize-credit-card-rewards-5507.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-minimize-debt-maximize-credit-card-rewards-5507.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 steps to minimize debt, maximize credit card rewards	Experts recommend six steps for consumers looking to maximize the points earned with a rewards credit card while also avoiding debt due to overspending spurred by a credit card rewards program.	reward credit cards, rewards credit card, credit card rewards, minimize, maximize
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-designs-and-covers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-designs-and-covers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Artist peddling designs for your credit card	Anthony Adams makes unique credit card designs and skins. Read more at CreditCards.com.	anthony adams, credit card, credit card skins
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-card-company-gets-blocked-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-credit-card-company-gets-blocked-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC blocks card issuer from reaching into consumers' accounts	The FTC has blocked prepaid credit card company EDP after complaints of unauthorized withdrawals.	FTC, EDP, prepaid cards, prepaid card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-amazing-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-amazing-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Experiential' rewards let credit cardholders live out dreams 	Today's best credit card rewards can earn you golfing tips from Tiger Woods.	credit card, credit card rewards, American Express, AmEx, MasterCard, Visa, experiential rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-startup-business-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-startup-business-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards: instant financing for instant messenger	Some small-business owners turn to credit cards out of desperation. For the co-founders of Meebo.com, it was a conscious choice.	credit card cards meebo.com seth sternberg startup upfront business costs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-after-bankruptcy.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-after-bankruptcy.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Expect credit card offers even after bankruptcy 	It used to be difficult to get credit card offers after bankruptcy, but it has changed. 	credit card offers bankruptcy after
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regaining-credit-after-bankruptcy-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regaining-credit-after-bankruptcy-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to re-establish credit after bankruptcy	Most responsible consumers who go through bankruptcy hope to borrow money again at reasonable rates. It can be done. Here's how.	bankrupt bankruptcy credit card rebuild rebuilding re-establish reestablish debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/NFL-football-credit-card.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/NFL-football-credit-card.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you ready for some football credit cards?	Credit cards for the sports nut have gone pro, just in time for the kickoff of the National Football League season.	NFL BofA Bank America football credit card debit loyalty affinity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-2005-prior-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-2005-prior-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card industry and personal debt statistics (2005 and prior)	Credit card industry and personal debt statistics for 2005 and earlier.	credit card, credit card industry statistics, personal debt, personal debt statistics, 2005
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-industry-facts-personal-debt-statistics-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-industry-facts-personal-debt-statistics-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card statistics, industry facts, debt statistics 	Credit card statistics, surveys and research from a variety of sources, all cited, making fact-checking and research easy	statistics, research, debt, credit card, credit cards, industry, facts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-utility-map-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-utility-map-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. map: Which utilities allow credit card payments?	CreditCards.com surveyed many of the largest utility companies in the United States. A growing number of them offer customers the option of paying their bills with credit cards. Find out which major utility providers offer the service in your state.	utility payments, credit cards, flash map
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-compare-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-compare-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card survey shows it pays to comparison shop	If you want a 'use anywhere' gift card, expect to pay for the privilege, says the CreditCards.com survey.	gift card survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unclaimed-gift-card-money-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unclaimed-gift-card-money-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to claim expired gift card funds	Tips for reclaiming 'lost' gift card money	tips reclaim gift card money unclaimed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/subprime-mortgage-credit-cards-backlash-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/subprime-mortgage-credit-cards-backlash-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mortgage mess mostly misses credit cardholders -- so far	The credit tightening caused by the subprime mortgage meltdown has so far only singed credit cardholders.	credit cards, subprime mortgage, credit tightening, standard fees, limits, rates, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/currency-conversion-fee-refund-deadline-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/currency-conversion-fee-refund-deadline-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Time's running out to claim currency conversion fee refund	Consumers need to act fast in order to claim their share of a court-ordered multimillion dollar settlement with credit card giants over poorly disclosed fees on foreign transactions.	currency conversion, fee settlement, antitrust lawsuit, deadline foreign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jail-bail-credit-card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jail-bail-credit-card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bail yourself out of jail -- with a credit card	The difference between spending a night in jail and getting out on bail may depend on whether your wallet contains a credit card.	jail bail, credit card, bond bondsmen, post rewards, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-arbitrage-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-arbitrage-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card arbitrage: Easy, but dangerous money	Credit card companies usually make money from consumers. For a few daring consumers, it's the other way around.	credit card arbitrage, balance transfer fee, interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-startup-funds-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-startup-funds-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use of credit cards rises for business startup financing	Small business entrepreneurs increasingly finance their ventures with credit cards. No longer must they sign away a chunk of the business to venture capitalists or go through an arduous loan approval process with a bank.	credit card credit cards startup funds entrepreneurs success venture capitalists
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-credit-card-preferred-payment-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-credit-card-preferred-payment-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paper to plastic: Checks and cash losing to debit and credit	As debit card and credit card purchases become increasingly popular, check and cash payments wane.	debit card credit card Regulation E Electronic Funds Transfer Act American Express MasterCard paper plastic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-credit-card-debt-increases-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-credit-card-debt-increases-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Grad students' credit card debt averages $8,216	Graduate students now average $8,216 in credit card debt, according to a new survey, which also says students wish they had learned earlier about handling money.	graduate student credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citibank-chase-po-bronson-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citibank-chase-po-bronson-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lay down your cards: Po Bronson	'What Should I Do With My Life' author, Po Bronson, asks big questions about life and answers a few about credit cards.	Po Bronson credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-pay-priorities-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-pay-priorities-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Mortgage is 1st payment priority, credit cards last	The majority of homeowners will make house payments even if it affects other bills. Learn why at CreditCards.com.	poll creditcards.com survey mortgage plastic credit card foreclosure GfK Roper
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/establishing-credit-for-children-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/establishing-credit-for-children-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Helping a child establish credit in the 'post-piggyback' era	The demise of so-called 'piggybacking' has closed one avenue to getting kids a credit head start, but there are others.	piggybacking credit cards children kids
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sidebar_debt_help_seniors.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sidebar_debt_help_seniors.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	11 steps to help older debtors get out of credit card debt	Experts list 11 ways for middle-age adults to get finances in order and pay off credit card debt.	americans, credit cards, credit card debt, clean up debt, credit card repair
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/point-card-video-games-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/point-card-video-games-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Point cards' offer virtual rewards to video gamers	A new plastic currency for Xbox 360 and Wii lets video gamers pay real money for unreal advantages in their virtual worlds. This 'gamer currency' might be a great gift idea, but there are drawbacks.	point cards, wii, xbox 360, Sony, Playstation, World of Warcraft, gamers, videogame currency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-blackout-dates-chart-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-blackout-dates-chart-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airline blackout dates survey	CreditCards.com survey finds few formal blackout dates, but some restrictions still apply.	airline blackout date survey cap point expire credit card rewards frequent flier flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-freeze-data-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-freeze-data-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Details of credit freeze laws in all 50 states	Most states have passed credit freeze laws to combat identity theft and fraud. Here are the details for each state.	credit cards, freeze, identity theft, 50 states, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disaster-preparedness-information-faq-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disaster-preparedness-information-faq-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FAQs about credit cards and disasters	These nine  questions and answers will help you use credit and credit cards wisely after a catastrophe	credit card, credit cards, FAQ questions, disaster, catastrophe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disaster-preparedness-and-your-finances-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disaster-preparedness-and-your-finances-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pre-disaster financial preparedness checklist	When natural disaster strikes, you have to react quickly to make sure your important financial records remain safe. This checklist will show you how	credit cards, credit card, disaster preparedness, checklist credit card, managing finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cardholders-in-california-wildfires-aided-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cardholders-in-california-wildfires-aided-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuers help credit cardholders in wildfire areas	Banks are working with victims of the California wildfires. Learn how at CreditCards.com.	credit card cardholders disaster fire California
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vintage-credit-card-collectible-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vintage-credit-card-collectible-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest in collectible credit cards won't expire	Most just shred old credit cards. But for a few devotees, expired plastic -- especially if it came from an expired celebrity -- can be worth collecting.	collectible, vintage, credit card, charge plate, celluloid plastic, henry fonda, elvis
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-collectible-coins-charge-plate-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-collectible-coins-charge-plate-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pre-plastic credit: Charge plates, coins, celluloids	Before there were modern credit cards, charge plates, charge coins and celluloid cards did the trick.	charge plate, charge, celluloid, collectiblec coin, credit card, plastic, credit card history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-rewards-limited-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-rewards-limited-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Despite 'no-blackout' promises, fliers' freebies limited	A CreditCards.com survey of the 16 frequent flier cards offered by 10 large issuers finds it's hard to book that coveted holiday seat, no matter how loudly the card company proclaims 'no blackout dates.'	rewards frequent flier flier airline credit card miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-history-score-foreign.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-history-score-foreign.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Moving abroad? Your credit history might not follow	No matter how good your credit in the U.S., if you need to establish credit in a foreign country, expect to start over.	credit cards foreign viable strict consumer protection credit history banks credit institutions lenders
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-fraud-monitoring-travel-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-fraud-monitoring-travel-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fraud monitoring creates 'false positives'	Stopping crooks is a good thing, but overactive anti-fraud programs create false positives that prevent cardholders' legitimate transactions	fraud monitoring credit card theft travel detection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-mortgage-credit-card-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-mortgage-credit-card-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay mortgage by credit card? New programs encourage it	Experts say these programs can work for the well-heeled, but for most, putting a house on cards is as financially flimsy as a house of cards.	mortgage, credit card payments, mortgage, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-credit-card-giveaway-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-business-credit-card-giveaway-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2007 contest for Discover business credit card 	The Discover Business Card $50,000 Sweepstakes ended in 2007.	Discover, Discover Business credit card, Discover Business Card $50,000 Sweepstakes, credit card, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-rights-for-credit-and-debit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-rights-for-credit-and-debit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer rights for credit and debit cards	U.S. Central Bank interest rates have been raised on variable-rate credit cards and home equity lines of credit.	credit card, debit card, credit cards, holiday
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-industry-debated-in-the-senate-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-industry-debated-in-the-senate-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card industry takes fire from Senate	At a Dec. 4 hearing, U.S. senators held credit card industry leaders' feet to the fire over anti-consumer practices.	debt senate committee credit cards practices industry universal default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-foreign-travel-vacation-tips-5623.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-foreign-travel-vacation-tips-5623.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taking a credit card on a foreign vacation: 10 tips	Bringing your credit card on vacation is a smart decision, as long as you take some precautions.	credit card, American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Capital One, credit cards, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-balance-transfer-can-hurt-your-credit-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-balance-transfer-can-hurt-your-credit-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Too many credit card balance transfers can be a bad idea	A repeated pattern of transferring from one balance transfer credit card to the next each time the introductory APR expires can be a bad idea.	credit card, balance transfers, balance transfer credit cards, balance transfer credit card, low interest credit card, Discover Platinum Card, Discover, Citi Platinum Select Card, Citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-identification-number-helps-secure-your-account-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-identification-number-helps-secure-your-account-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Understanding your credit card's card identification number		credit card, credit cards, credit card transaction, CID, Card Identification Number, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-history-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-history-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The history of credit cards	A history of credit cards, including the first general use credit card and the first charge card.	history of credit cards, credit card, American Express, charge cards, Bank of America, MasterCard, Visa, Discover Card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charge-card-for-charitable-donations-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charge-card-for-charitable-donations-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards quickly fund charities, deliver tax deduction	The end of the year is the time to consider wrapping up your charitable donations to qualify for the current year's tax deduction, and there's no quicker way to donate than with a credit card. 	credit cards credit card charitable giving red cross salvation army rewards credit card make-a-wish sierra club
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-on-closing-accounts-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tips-on-closing-accounts-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do's and don'ts when closing old credit card accounts	Follow these credit card tips when closing credit card accounts in order to maintain a high credit score.	closing credit card accounts, identity theft, credit score, best possible APRs, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-payments-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-payments-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minimum card payments are not your friends	How to use discipline with credit cards (or a debit card) to become debt free.	Minimum payments, credit card debt, credit card debt elimination, debt free, credit card, debit card, credit cards, low interest rate credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/major-credit-cards-changing-spending-habits-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/major-credit-cards-changing-spending-habits-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Major credit cards impact consumer debt	The convenience of major credit cards has shaped consumer debt trends.	Consumer debt, credit card, credit cards, low rate credit cards, prepaid debit cards, credit card debt, balance transfer, 0% APR credit card, eliminate credit card debt, debt free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maintain-credit-score-in-jail.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maintain-credit-score-in-jail.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping up credit while in jail may not be possible	It's noble to want to help a jailed friend keep up his credit score while serving time, but unless you want to pay his bills, some things just aren't possible, says The Credit Guy.	jail debt creditors credit couseling incarceration prison
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-101.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-101.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Balance transfers 101	Learn the steps critical to successfully performing a balance transfer.	balance transfers, credit card, 0% APR, lower interest credit card, 0% interest, percent, transferring, balances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/managing-and-getting-rid-of-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/managing-and-getting-rid-of-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Managing and getting rid of credit card debt	Strategies for managing and getting rid of debt, including debt consolidation, while not hurting your credit.	getting rid of debt, credit card debt, credit card, credit cards, debt reduction, paying off debt, debt consolidate balances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-consolidation-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-consolidation-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt consolidation	Credit card consolidation may be right for you if you are facing high interest rates. 	credit cards, credit card, balance transfer credit cards, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, credit card application
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfer-credit-card-comparison-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfer-credit-card-comparison-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing balance transfer credit cards	Learn how to find the best balance transfer credit card offers.	0% balance transfer credit cards, credit cards, credit card, low interest rate, transfer balances, balance transfer, eliminate debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-eliminate-credit-card-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-eliminate-credit-card-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to eliminate credit card debt	In five not-so-simple steps, learn how to eliminate charge card debt and take control of your finances	Eliminate Credit Card Debt, credit card, debt free, credit cards, low interest, 0% APR credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-spending-financial-hangovers-3716.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-spending-financial-hangovers-3716.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Holiday spending can lead to financial hangovers	If you have an onslaught of bills after the holidays and can't pay them all at once, develop a payment strategy. Here's how.	credit cards, credit card, low interest rate, 0% APR, balance transfer credit card, 0% balance transfer percent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-protection-with-debt-plan-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-protection-with-debt-plan-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Post-holiday debt: The real cost	In order to protect their credit score, many consumers are seeking debt consolidation loans.	credit card, credit card debt, credit card consolidation, balance transfer credit card, debt consolidation, consolidating credit card debt, debt free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfers-to-consolidate-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfers-to-consolidate-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Become debt-free with credit card debt consolidation	If you have a large outstanding credit card balance, now might be the time to consider your credit card debt consolidation options. 	credit card, credit card debt, credit card debt consolidation, credit card consolidation, balance transfer, eliminate credit card debt, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-balance-transfer-tips-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-balance-transfer-tips-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 steps to a successful credit card balance transfer	Balance transfers aren't easy any more. Take these steps to increase your odds of success.	credit card, balance transfer offers, balance transfer, consolidate credit card debt, balance transfer promotions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-balance-capital-needs-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-balance-capital-needs-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Small business credit cards help balance capital needs	Listing and detail of reasons for a small business need a credit card, i.e. business credit card or corporate credit card for unsecured credit purposes to access capital with a low interest rate credit card.	credit card, small business credit card, business credit cards, corporate credit card, low interest credit card, credit cards, airline frequent flyer cards, cash back rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-law-key-provisions-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-law-key-provisions-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy law updates close loopholes in repaying debt	A new bankruptcy law update has closed loopholes that previously left people unaccountable for repaying all debt.	2005, Bankruptcy Law, bankruptcy, bankruptcy abuse prevention act, credit card, chapter 7, chapter 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-card-balance-transfer-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-card-balance-transfer-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When do credit card balance transfers make sense?	Having a firm repayment plan makes the difference, The Credit Guy tells a reader.	credit card guy balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/post-holiday-credit-card-bills-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/post-holiday-credit-card-bills-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Post-holiday credit card bills getting you down?	Credit card bill-paying tactics that can help you deal with high post holiday card payments.	credit card, eliminate credit card debt, credit cards, 0% APR, balance transfer, creditcards.com
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-bank-overstock-visa-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-bank-overstock-visa-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase Bank offers Overstock.com rewards Visa 	Earn points with the Overstock.com rewards card from Chase Bank.	Overstock.com, Chase Bank, Overstock.com Rewards Visa, rewards credit card, credit card, 0% APR, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-credit-card-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-credit-card-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards could get banned from online betting	A bill was passed banning the use of credit cards for online bets. Does this affect you?	credit cards, online bets, online wagers, online gambling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-on-small-websites-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-on-small-websites-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card dangers may lurk on smaller websites	Credit card dangers, such as identity theft, can pose a greater threat on smaller websites.	credit card, credit cards, identity theft, Visa, MasterCard, security breach, smaller Web sites, data security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-credit-cards-caution-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-credit-cards-caution-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be cautious about store credit cards during the holidays	Store credit cards may be appealing to shoppers looking to save money, but there are a number of reasons that initial 10% savings may not be enough to make having such a card a winning proposition.	credit card, store credit card, credit cards, store credit cards, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-users-protection-steps-identity-theft-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-users-protection-steps-identity-theft-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card users can take steps to protect themselves from identity theft	There are a number of steps credit card users can take to avoid becoming the victims of identity theft.	credit card, identity theft, credit scores, credit score, credit report, credit cards, debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-students-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-students-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial literacy programs promote credit responsibility	Lenders and universities are creating programs to help students avoid credit card debt by giving them the opportunity to gain financial literacy.	credit cards, credit card, student credit cards, credit, debit cards, Citi, Nellie Mae, financial literacy, financial literacy programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-taxes-with-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-taxes-with-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay your taxes with a credit card	Need to pay your taxes? Try using your credit card.	taxes, Official Payments, Visa, MasterCard, pay taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-application-towards-business-costs-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-card-application-towards-business-costs-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: How business startup nailed down credit card debt	Learn how Home Artisan Authority used a credit card to start its successful business.	credit card, credit cards, remodeler, small business, debt, interest rates, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-buxx-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-visa-buxx-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	PAYjr Prepaid Visa Buxx	PAYjr, the prepaid Visa card, allows parents to monitor their teens expenses while instilling financial responsibility.	PAYjr Prepaid Visa , PAYjr, prepaid, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-transaction-fee-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-transaction-fee-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Foreign transaction fees	Travelers who have used a Visa, MasterCard, or Diners Club card overseas may be entitled to a refund on the foreign transaction fees they were charged for credit card purchases.	credit card, Visa, MasterCard, foreign transaction fees, currency conversion fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Verifone-VX-670-payments-at-table-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Verifone-VX-670-payments-at-table-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Swipe your own credit card at sit-down restaurants	The Verifone VX 670 allows transactions to be made at the table, keeping credit cards out of servers' hands.	credit card, credit cards, debit cards, debit card, skimming
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-subprime-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-subprime-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 ways to avoid the subprime spillover problems	The tightening of credit in the mortgage world has had limited effects so far among credit card issuers, but there are ways to make sure it won't hit you at all, experts say.	9 tips, subprime credit, mortgage, credit cards, avoid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-rate-change-credit-card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-rate-change-credit-card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed rate cuts and your credit card	The Federal Reserve's rate-setting committee, trying to give a flagging economy an adrenaline boost, again lowered a key short-term interest rate Wednesday.	card credit, interest rate, fed funds, fed rate change, cut, drop, variable, fixed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-optimism-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-optimism-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Too much optimism leads to late card payments	A little optimism leads to healthy financial decisions, according to researchers. Too much leads to overconfidence -- and unpaid bills.	optimism, optimistic study, credit cards, duke, credit card bill, late payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corrections-policy-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corrections-policy-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com editorial, corrections policies	CreditCards.com strives to publish accurate information. If you believe we have published something in error or wish to comment on an article, please email us at editors@CreditCards.com	CreditCards.com, editorial corrections policy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-table-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-table-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card survey: Details of biggest issuers' cards	CreditCards.com surveyed leading gift card providers to compare popular gift cards.	gift cards, gift card survey, CreditCards.com surveys, leading gift cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-skip-payment.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-skip-payment.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best to skip most 'skip-a-payment' offers 	Offers by credit card issuers to skip a monthly payment can seem like a godsend, but if cardholders think such payment holidays are a free ride, they'd better think again.	skip payment credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/winter-heating-bill-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/winter-heating-bill-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for paying winter heating bills	Having a hard time paying astronomic heating bills? These 7 tips can help.	heating bills, utility tips, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/winter-heating-bills-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/winter-heating-bills-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	High winter heating bills, meet credit cards	With heating bills sky high, consumers will be tempted to use utilities' new credit card payment options. Should they?	utilities, heating bills, credit cards, bill pay, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-credit-dispute-proposal-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-credit-dispute-proposal-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds propose new right for consumers in credit disputes	It will become a bit easier for consumers to dispute changes in their credit reports directly with banks or companies, according to a newly published federal regulation.	dispute, ftc, credit bureau, credit card disputes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-credit-industry-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-credit-industry-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Regulation Z: Feds move to change credit card rules	The Federal Reserve Board is considering sweeping changes to credit card disclosure rules to address growing consumer complaints.	regulation z, credit cards, disclosure rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-changes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-changes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Regulation Z' overhaul to change credit card fine print rules	The Federal Reserve Board has proposed the most sweeping changes in nearly 30 years to credit card disclosure rules, known as Regulation Z.	regulation z, credit cards, rules, fine print
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-15-day-notice-terms-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-15-day-notice-terms-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New 45 days' notice rule proposed for credit cards	Changes in terms of credit card contracts would need 45 days' advance notice.	credit cards regulation z 45 days notice 15 change
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fixed-rates-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fixed-rates-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules would fix 'fixed' credit card rates	Fixed credit card rates would actually be fixed under Regulation Z amendments.	fixed rate, regulation z, credit card, fixed credit card rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-apr-disclosures-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-apr-disclosures-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APR disclosure rule change proposed	Regulation Z would require credit card companies to clearly disclose APRs.	credit card regulation z apr disclosure rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disclose-credit-card-fees-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disclose-credit-card-fees-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rules proposed for credit card fee disclosures	Credit card companies would have to clearly disclose fees charged to credit cardholders.	regulation z, credit card disclosure fees, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/open-credit-card-account-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/open-credit-card-account-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules eyed for credit card account-opening disclosures	New rules would require credit card companies to disclose more details about credit terms before the card is used.	Credit card, disclosure terms, regulation z
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/monthly-credit-card-statement-regulation-z-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/monthly-credit-card-statement-regulation-z-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rules for credit card periodic statement disclosures	Monthly credit card statements would include tables to clearly disclose fees, interest, purchases and other details.	regulation z monthly statement fees tables
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regz-amendments-change-credit-card-terms-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regz-amendments-change-credit-card-terms-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules considered for changes in credit card terms	Regulation Z amendments would require changes in credit card terms to be displayed in a table for easy reading.	credit cards, credit card terms, easy reading, regulation z
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/making-minimum-credit-payments-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/making-minimum-credit-payments-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules for credit card minimum payments?	Credit card companies and credit issuers would have to tell account holders how long it would take to repay loans if they make minimum payments.	regulation z, credit card minimum payments, disclosure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/subprime-credit-cards-regulation-z-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/subprime-credit-cards-regulation-z-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disclosures would increase on subprime credit card fees	Subprime cards carry upfront fees that the Federal Reserve board contends are not clearly disclosed to customers.	upfront fees, balances, Regulation Z, credit card, subprime credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anatomy-of-a-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anatomy-of-a-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Anatomy of a credit card	Ever wonder what all those numbers mean, or what's on that black stripe? Find out here.	credit card magnetic stripe account digit number hologram
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-freeze-information-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-freeze-information-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Most don't know what a credit freeze is	Find out more about credit freezes, an effective way to fight identity fraud.	credit freeze survey poll identity theft bureaus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-credit-complaints-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulation-z-credit-complaints-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Voices: What they're saying about Regulation Z	Comments from consumers, credit grantors, payment processors and others on proposed changes to credit card disclosure rules	consumers, credit issuers, advocates, regulation z, comments, proposed changes, credit card disclosure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-resolutions-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-resolutions-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	21 resolutions to beat credit woes and debt regret	Minimize debt and maximize credit advantages in the coming year with these 21 credit and debt resolutions.	debt, credit card debt, credit cards, resolutions, credit card fine print, credit card rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-short-unhappy-life-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-short-unhappy-life-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The short, unhappy life of a credit card	On average, a card lasts must three years before delamination, degaussing or (ulp!) scissors, so CreditCards.com asked one credit card to reminisce about its short unhappy life.	credit cards new cards durability life of a credit card short happy life of a credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-history-immigrants-establish-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-history-immigrants-establish-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for immigrants building a U.S. credit history	America lures many who dream of living better. But when immigrants arrive, their credit histories rarely make the trip.	credit cards, credit history, moving overseas, checking account, leasing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-debt-rehab-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-debt-rehab-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ask The Credit Guy: Do credit rehab myself?	Credit counselor Todd Ossenfort, aka The Credit Guy, answers a  reader's question about whether it's wise to embark on do-it-yourself credit repair.	debt guy todd ossenfort credit repair do  yourself
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-frequent-flier-rewards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-frequent-flier-rewards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bump up frequent flier miles with sign-up bonuses	As lenders and airlines compete for the prized frequent flier demographic, credit cards are offering bigger and better airline mileage extras to woo new customers.	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, frequent flier miles, credit card bonuses, maximizing rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-tips-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-tips-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 ways to avoid being stung by business credit cards	Compared to business loans, credit cards are easy to get. But that makes them easy to abuse, too. Here are 5 ways to avoid getting stung.	small business credit cards account management interest rates small business loans Federal Reserve startup entrepreneur
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-bankruptcy-repay.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-bankruptcy-repay.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay off credit card debt or declare bankruptcy?	It's painful, but a reader who took $13,000 in credit card cash advances and lost it to an Internet scam needs to pay the money back, says The Credit Guy.	credit card cash advance debt bankruptcy scam delinquent in-laws
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-gas-oil-energy-costs-poll-5418.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-gas-oil-energy-costs-poll-5418.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Gas prices will make '08 economy sputter	Americans' longstanding addiction to gasoline will continue well into 2008, despite rising fuel costs, and may contribute to a slowdown in the overall economy, a new CreditCards.com poll reveals.	gas gasoline oil fuel cost price poll economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-winter-heating-borrow-poll-5418.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-winter-heating-borrow-poll-5418.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Millions will borrow to pay '08 winter heating bills	Heating oil costs may exceed consumer budgets, leaving borrowing and credit cards as the only option for many families, a CreditCards.com survey shows.	winter heat heating bill utility pay borrow poll credit card loan cold
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/revolution-card-no-fees-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/revolution-card-no-fees-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shifting environment in fees, security breeds Revolution	An upstart player is taking on the card network giants, hoping that its innovative features and security -- combined with a deal it hopes merchants can't refuse -- find a home in your wallet and on your computer.	Revolution Card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-loan-payoff-plan-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-loan-payoff-plan-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Expert Q&A: Budget for debt, but not too tightly	A recent college graduate saddled with debt needs a spending and paydown plan, but it's bound to fail unless it includes some fun, says The Credit Guy.	credit guy college debt student loay budget payoff
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-rent-car-debit-credit-card-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-rent-car-debit-credit-card-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 tips for renting a car with a debit card	Renting a car with no credit card can be done, but expect extra obstacles and costs. These tips can help you overcome them.	car rental, debit card, credit card, cash
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-regret-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-regret-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cure the debt hangover, shed credit card debt	This set of articles will help you understand why you keep finding yourself in holiday debt, how to get out of this mess and how to prevent it from happening again next year.	credit card debt, debt regret, debt consolidation, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-delinquent-pay-off.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-delinquent-pay-off.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: Pawn off $10,000 credit card debt on son? No way!	The Credit Guy, who answers readers' questions for CreditCards.com, thinks this parent can pay off the delinquent bill.	$10,000 ten grand credit card delinquent delinquency pay off payoff
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/melt-post-holiday-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/melt-post-holiday-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to escape holiday credit card debt regret	Climbing out of holiday debt isn't easy, but it has to be done. Here's how to assess the damage and get a plan together.	melt post holiday debt credit card tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-how-young-too-young-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-how-young-too-young-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How young is too young for credit cards?	Preparation for wise credit card use should begin early to help children avoid trouble when they can legally apply for cards at 18.	credit cards, youth, credit card traps, authorized users, financial education, credit score, FICO, Experian VantageScore, kids credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/organize-credit-card-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/organize-credit-card-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for organizing gift, debit and credit cards	Good things comes in small packages, but between gift cards, debit cards and credit cards, you can end up with a lot of plastic. Here are six organizing tips.	debit cards, credit cards, plastic, gift cards, organize tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phone-contactless-credit-card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phone-contactless-credit-card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cellphone + contactless credit card = Yak, wave, buy	What do you get when you add contactless credit capabilities to your cellphone? A single device for making calls and credit card purchases. You yak, you wave, you buy	contactless credit card, phone, cell, cellphone, yak wave buy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-car-debit-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-car-debit-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Renting a car with debit card or cash? Expect to try harder	A CreditCards.com survey of 45 car agencies across the U.S. finds you can rent a car without a credit card, but you have to jump through more hoops.	car rental, credit cards, debit, cash, without
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-gambling-downloading-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-gambling-downloading-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankers, poker players oppose Feds' online gaming rules	The legality of online gambling has long been debated by U.S. officials, but the latest regulation efforts have tried to shut down the money conduit -- payments systems that enable online bets.	online gambling, poker, UIGEA, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pennies-change-united-way-credit-card-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pennies-change-united-way-credit-card-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	United Way links card use to donations	One of the country's best-known nonprofits is trying to raise money from the rise in Americans' use of credit and debit cards.	pennies for change united way donation nonprofit donate charity cent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-health-costs-credit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-health-costs-credit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Special report: Do credit cards offer health care Rx?	A CreditCards.com poll found that nearly two out of three Americans say they or their family could face hard financial times if they experience a serious illness.	healthcare, health care, health care credit card, credit, issuer, debt, hospital, medical insurance, medical debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/health-credit-card-comparison-chart-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/health-credit-card-comparison-chart-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing health care credit options	Credit card issuers are offering a growing number of options for financing medical expenses. Use this table to compare and find the best deal.	health care, healthcare, health finance, health card,   carecredit, medical, health chart, medical bill, highmark, wells fargo, health debit, humana advance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-debt-credit-poll-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-debt-credit-poll-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com poll results: Credit and health care costs	A CreditCards.com poll found a majority of Americans realize that inability to pay their share of health care costs has the potential to wipe them out financially.	roper, poll, survey, health, healthcare, medical, health insurance, illness, medical bill
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-bill-payment-tips-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-bill-payment-tips-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	15 tips for paying high medical bills	Savvy consumers should comparison shop for payment options when paying for medical expenses. Here are some helpful tips to cope with high medical bills.	15 tips, credit card, credit cards, health care, medical expenses, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-bill-payment-options-credit-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-bill-payment-options-credit-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Health care credit cards rise to fill insurance gap	As the ranks of the uninsured soar and medical costs rise for those with insurance, a new generation of health care cards is emerging on the market, but not everyone is cheering their arrival. 	credit cards, credit card, health care credit cards, gift cards,  debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/opt-out-credit-card-rate-increase-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/opt-out-credit-card-rate-increase-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to opt out of credit card rate increases	If you've been notified that your interest rate is going to jump, you may be able to pay your credit card off at the old rate, but you lose use of the card. 	opt out credit guy card interest rate certified letter
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corporate-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/corporate-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Corporate credit cards: How they work, benefits, drawbacks	Used wisely, corporate credit cards can help you simultaneously achieve career goals and reap personal perks. Used poorly, they can lead to a corporate freefall, or at least a drop of a few rungs	corporate, corporation, reimburse, credit card, career, corporate credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balance transfers	This series of articles will help you figure out the best way to transfer and consolidate the balance of your debt.	balance transfer credit card debt consolidation holiday financial hangover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-co-sign.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-co-sign.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dad co-signed, I messed up his credit. Now what?	You ruined Dad's credit score by running up a big debt on a card he co-signed for you, but no, you didn't cost him his house, The Credit Guy advises a reader.	co-sign cosign credit card debt collections dad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-finance-wedding-engagement-ring.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-finance-wedding-engagement-ring.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to finance an engagement ring	If you want her to marry you for richer and not poorer, study the fine print to make sure the bauble on her finger doesn't turn into a ball and chain on your newlywed finances	ring diamond credit card finance financing engagement wedding
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tornado-credit-card-help-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tornado-credit-card-help-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks may cut slack for tornado victims	After dozens of tornadoes whipped through the South, killing at least 57 people, the federal government, banks and credit card issuers offer relief.	tornado, victims, relief, credit card, citi bank, america, chase, american express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spend-federal-stimulus-rebate-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spend-federal-stimulus-rebate-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will you really use the stimulus package windfall on debt? 	The economic stimulus windfall is on its way and Americans tell pollsters they'll use it pay off debt. Yeah. Sure.	debt pay off stimulus tax rebates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spend-federal-stimulus-rebate-10-wise-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spend-federal-stimulus-rebate-10-wise-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 wise ways to spend 'stimulus' money	Here's 10 suggestions from experts for smart ways to spend the windfall from Uncle Sam's economic stimulus package.	economic stimulus, tax rebate, spend, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spend-federal-stimulus-rebate-10-wacky-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spend-federal-stimulus-rebate-10-wacky-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 wacky ways to spend 'stimulus' money	Anyone can be responsible with the windfall from the economic stimulus package. But can you creatively blow the money? We could. Here are 10 ideas.	10 wild wacky ways, spend, economic stimulus,  tax rebate, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rich-lady-big-debt-4426.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rich-lady-big-debt-4426.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rich lady, big overdue card debt	A woman with $16,000 in delinquent credit card debt, but plenty of money to pay it off, needs to do more than just write a check if she hopes to avoid repeating her mistake, says The Credit Guy. 	rich lady big credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fair-debt-collection-5125.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fair-debt-collection-5125.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit woes mean boom in debt collection	If you've never been contacted by a debt collector before, chances are growing you will. Collection activity has increased sharply as the economy swoons, and it's more important than ever for consumers to know their rights.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/529-plan-credit-cards.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/529-plan-credit-cards.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	529-linked credit cards help make college more affordable	New credit cards link to 529 plans and function like cash-back credit cards, putting rebates into a college savings plan	529 college savings credit card rebates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-expert-advice-5125.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-expert-advice-5125.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: Credit counselor urges consumer education	Too few people know about or talk about debt, says the head of one of the major counseling accrediting agencies.	David Jones AICCCA debt counseling counselor accrediting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-loan-high-interest-upside-down-4426.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-loan-high-interest-upside-down-4426.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Car's too small, loan's upside down	A woman who needs a bigger car but who is upside down on her car loan should focus on paying down the debt before looking at bigger vehicles, says The Credit Guy.  	car-loan-high-interest-upside-down-4426
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-downloading-music-5125.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-downloading-music-5125.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying pirated music with credit cards: potentially risky	Those who use their credit cards to buy songs from controversial Russian-based Web sites may be engaging in international piracy	credit cards downloading music illegal cheap songs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-virtual-fraud-identity-theft-5120.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-virtual-fraud-identity-theft-5120.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Despite lingering online fears, virtual credit cards stall 	Although the paranoia that spawned them and the hoopla that accompanied their birth have died down, virtual credit cards are still available for those who want extra assurance	credit, cards, virtual, fraud, identity, theft 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-quarter-consumers-5418.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-quarter-consumers-5418.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers' bad earnings reshape credit card offers	The awful annual results reported by credit card issuers may not be felt only by shareholders. They have begun to cause pain to some credit cardholders, as well. 	credit card issuers earnings consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recession-proof-credit-finances-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recession-proof-credit-finances-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Recession-proof your credit and finances	Economic downturn. Temporary slump. Whatever you want to call it, you need to be prepared financially for economic ups and downs.	credit cards recession proof economic recession
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-credit-disability-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-credit-disability-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't let a disability ruin your credit	An unexpected illness or injury can send you into debt and sink your credit rating faster than you can say, 'I need disability.'	credit cards disability debt protect
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-generations-usage-attitude-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-generations-usage-attitude-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit to their generations	The attitudes and behaviors of different generations and how they use credit cards.	credit card usage generations attitudes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-benefits-drawbacks-4426.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-benefits-drawbacks-4426.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy does offer a fresh start, at a high cost	The reason that bankruptcy is recommended only as a last resort is because of the personal and financial toll a bankruptcy has on a person or family, The Credit Guy advises a reader.	bankruptcy credit Chapter 7 Chapter 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/forgiven-debt-1099C-income-tax-3513.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/forgiven-debt-1099C-income-tax-3513.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	1099-C surprise: IRS tax follows canceled debt	Tax attorneys and consumer advocates say many consumers aren't aware that forgiven credit card debt may be taxable income on a 1099-C form	1099C, 1099-C, debt cancellation, tax, credit card debt, cancellation of debt, canceled debt, tax form
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac credit cards	The Internet is buzzing with word of a new Zodiac calendar -- even including a nearly unpronouncable new Zodiac sign. But why no Zodiac credit cards? We'll fix that!	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, aries, libra, gemini, aquarius, cancer, taurus, sagitarrius, leo, capricorn, pisces, scorpio, virgo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/learn-invest-pay-off-debt-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/learn-invest-pay-off-debt-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't let debt delay saving for retirement	If put off investing, you may get bogged down in trying to pay off your debts and never be able to start your portfolio. 	credit card debt investing stocks her sally, herigstad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-laid-off-debt-climbing-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-laid-off-debt-climbing-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Laid off, debt climbing, what now?	If you have savings, there are ways to decrease reliance on credit cards by setting up a short-term income strategy	credit cards, debt, short-term income, laid off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-aries-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-aries-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Aries	The credit card industry has thus far missed out on one of mankind's oldest known loyalty groups, the 12 signs of the zodiac.	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, aries,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-taurus-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-taurus-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Taurus	A credit card for solid, conservative Taurus? Don't be absurd. And yet your practical Taurean nature keeps whispering maybe, maybe just one card wouldn't hurt. Just for emergencies.	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Taurus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-gemini-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-gemini-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Gemini	Conflicted about which card to choose: A debit card that's easy to manage or a credit card that has more features? Now you can have both with the GeminiCard, the one card that's really two cards -- for you and for you!	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, gemini
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-cancer-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-cancer-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac credit cards: Cancer	Home. We know how much it means to you. That's why we designed the (imaginary) CancerCard, the one credit card guaranteed to keep you safe and secure. 	credit cards zodiac horoscope cancer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-leo-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-leo-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Leo	Hail, King Leo! No mere mortal card for you; only the regal LeoCard will do!	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Leo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-virgo-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-virgo-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Virgo	Introducing VirgoCard, the one financial instrument whose terms of use are so deeply mired in legal obfuscation that we Virgo perfectionists will never tire of trying to crack the code. 	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Virgo 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-libra-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-libra-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Libra	Do you need a LibraCard? Probably not. Who needs any credit card, right? I mean, you've got cash and the bank just opened that nice barista station with the free chocolate spoons.	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Libra
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-scorpio-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-scorpio-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Scorpio	Inhibited you're not. So why would you call it an early night just because a few nagging bills are piling up? You need a credit card that rocks when you roll, pays when you can't and, most importantly, sleeps late when you do.	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Scorpio
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-sagittarius-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-sagittarius-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Sagittarius	You're one of the dreamers. And for dreamers like you, there's SagittariusCard. 	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Sagittarius
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-capricorn-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-capricorn-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Capricorn	A credit card marketing pitch for a Capricorn might start like this: Your goal is the mountaintop. Your plan: Steady ascent. Your tool: CapricornCard. 	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, capricorn
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-aquarius-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-aquarius-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Aquarius	Apply today for this (imaginary) card and receive triple bonus points toward your next protest march or bail bond. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-pisces-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-horoscope-pisces-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zodiac cards: Pisces	Deep down, we all want the same things: love, happiness and world peace. Wouldn't it be great if we could just buy them? Well, now you can with the PiscesCard.	credit cards, zodiac, horoscope, Pisces
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-airport-security-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-airport-security-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airport security 'express lane' becomes more accessible	MasterCard announced a multiyear deal with the Clear program -- an express lane at some airport security checkpoints -- to allow MasterCard issuers to discount the program's cost to their card members.	MasterCard, Clear program, credit card, credit cards, discount, security pass, airports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-tax-rebate-check-plans-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-tax-rebate-check-plans-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Half of America won't spend their 'stimulus' rebate	The president wants us to spend it, but most say saving and paying off debt are higher priorities for their economic stimulus rebate checks.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/starting-over-after-bankruptcy-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/starting-over-after-bankruptcy-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Starting over after bankruptcy	A woman pays off her bankruptcy and is ready to build her credit again.	credit cards, bankruptcy, prepaid credit card, personal loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-presidential-reform-policies-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-presidential-reform-policies-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 presidential candidates, 2 credit card reform plans	Presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are courting voters with reform policies to tackle predatory credit card industry practices. McCain? Not so much.	credit card reform, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, John McCain, interest cap
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-greatest-silent-generations-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-greatest-silent-generations-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit to their generations: 'Greatest' and 'Silent'	The attitudes and behaviors of the Greatest and Silent generations and how they use credit cards.	greatest generation, silent generation, credit card usage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-baby-boomer-generation-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-baby-boomer-generation-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit to their generations: baby boomers	The attitudes and behaviors of the baby boomer generation and how they use credit cards	credit card, credit card usage, baby boomer credit, baby boomers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-generation-x-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-generation-x-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit to their generations: Generation X	The attitudes and behaviors of Generation X and how they use credit cards.	credit card, credit card usage, generation x
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-millennial-generation-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-usage-millennial-generation-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit to their generations: The Millennials 	The attitudes and behaviors of the Millennial Generation and how they use credit cards	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-station-card-skimmers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-station-card-skimmers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card thieves 'skimming' pay-at-the-pump customers	As if the high cost of gas wasn't enough, credit and debit card users who pay at the pump have to face a new way to be gouged at the pump: skimmers. 	credit card, gas, gasoline, pump, skim, skimmer, skimming
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/truck-lease-default-credit-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/truck-lease-default-credit-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't turn in the keys, walk away from truck lease 	Seven months after leasing a new truck, a woman realizes she's in too deep and needs to get out of her lease.	lease, credit rating, buyout, lease swap, lease transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-kids-under-18-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-kids-under-18-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Preparing kids for credit card management	Individuals younger than 18 must have the permission of a parent or legal guardian to obtain a credit card -- here are ways to get them started on the plastic path.	credit cards, children, kids, young people, debit cards, prepaid cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/safeguard-personal-information-online-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/safeguard-personal-information-online-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to safeguard personal information online	As Internet criminals grow smarter and sneakier, it's increasingly difficult to keep your credit card and personal information safe. Here are four fundamental tips.	personal, information, online, safe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-rate-cut-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-rate-cut-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Trying to thwart recession, Fed cuts rates by 0.75%	The Federal Reserve, as expected, slashed a key interest rate, but whether that cut will be passed along to individual cardholders depends on the bank, the card agreement and the credit standing of the consumer.	federal, reserve, interest, rate, cut
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-credit-after-divorce-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-credit-after-divorce-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Establishing credit after divorce	A stay-at-home mom who finds herself divorced with no credit of her own gets a path to her own credit history from 'To Her Credit' columnist Sally Herigstad.	establishing credit, divorced, no credit, building credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-debit-cards-retirement-plans-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-debit-cards-retirement-plans-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	401(k) debit cards: Borrowing from your future?	Now there's a debit card that allows you to access the funds you've saved in your 401(k). It offers flexibility for borrowers -- and scares the pants off financial planners.	debit card, 401k, retirement, ReservePlus, 401(k), loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-debt-negotiation-settlement-deal-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-debt-negotiation-settlement-deal-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deep in debt? Try to get a better settlement deal	Debt price drop may help debtors negotiating settlement deals.	bad, debt, settlement, negotiation, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-college-tuition-credit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-college-tuition-credit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Universities deal with tuition paid by credit card	With tuition costs rising and credit tightening, more students are opting to pull out the plastic to pay for their classes. Not all colleges like it.	colleges, universities, credit cards, processing fees, merchant fees, students, college loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-transaction-conversion-fees-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-transaction-conversion-fees-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top credit card issuers' foreign transaction fees	Here are the foreign transaction fees, also known as currency conversion fees, charged by top American credit card issuers to consumers who travel abroad. 	credit card transaction fees, foreign transaction fees, currency conversion fees, foreign credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-building-credit-score-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-building-credit-score-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to refi? On-time payments will build credit score	Steps to take to build a strong credit score.	credit score, FICO, truck loan, building credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-programs-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reward-programs-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card extreme rewards: It's not just about the money	As the quantity and variety of credit card offers seem to expand like options on a Chinese food take-out menu, card issuers keep searching for new ways to capture and retain customers. 	credit cards, credit card rewards, reward programs, UTango, Bank of America, Visa, Target, Disney, Nordstrom, KISS, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-gas-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-gas-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare gas cards	CreditCards.com reviewed terms and conditions for the top 29 gas credit cards and found more rewards, cash back, points and rebates -- and no annual fees.	compare, gas, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Drive for rewards pushes old-style gas cards in ditch	Fewer people are using one-company gas cards to buy gas for their cars. Drivers want the freedom to choose different gas and payment methods.	gas, credit, cards, company, vehicle, auto, gasoline
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cashless-society-impact-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cashless-society-impact-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How 'cashless' trend affects those who rely on cash	In a society that increasingly relies on payments by plastic, some who depend on the actual paper dollar have to adjust.	cashless, cashless society, empty wallet, credit cards, debit cards, plastic, wallets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-credit-scoring-formula-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-credit-scoring-formula-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Understanding how credit scores work	Find out all the different elements that are considered when your credit score is compiled.	credit guy, credit score, FICO, VantageScore, building credit, payment history, new credit, length of credit, available credit, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-plastic-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-plastic-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways to go green with credit cards	One of the best ways to go green in your daily life is to choose plastic, not paper. With credit cards, that is.	credit, card, ecology, eco, environmental, earth, day, green
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-spending-slows-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-spending-slows-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Credit card spending slows	U.S. consumers slowed their credit card spending in February, according to the latest Federal Reserve release on consumer credit.	credit card, credit cards, revolving debt, federal reserve, credit crunch
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-debt-retirement-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-debt-retirement-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Managing debt while in retirement	Debt complicates the calculation on how much you'll need to retire in comfort, says 'Maturing Loans' columnist Alan Klayman.	credit cards, credit card, managing debt, retirement, lifestyle
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-death-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-death-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What happens to credit card debt after death	When someone dies with credit card debt, state laws and the original contract terms dictate who owes, and what must be paid	dead, death, contract, credit card, community property
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-cosigner-risks-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-cosigner-risks-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	To co-sign or not to co-sign	A mother wants to help her daughter buy a house, but due to the daughter's bad credit, will have to co-sign the loan. 'To Her Credit' columnist Sally Herigstad weighs the benefits and the risks of co-signing on someone else's loan.	cosigner, credit card, credit cards, bad credit, good credit, credit risk, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-death-calls-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-death-calls-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to handle collection calls for a dead person's debt	After a death, creditors may come calling. Here's a checklist of what to ask, say	dead, death, collection, calls, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-banks-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-banks-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks that go green	A 'green' snapshot: How some U.S. banks are making environmental eco-friendly moves.	green, earth day, banks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/file-taxes-online-credit-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/file-taxes-online-credit-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tax smarts: Maximizing income tax returns	This series of articles will help you file your taxes and get the most out of your income tax returns.	income tax, 1040, tax return, paying taxes credit card, irs, 1040ez, online filing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-reporting-identity-theft-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-reporting-identity-theft-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When credit cards are compromised by thieves	When credit card account information is stolen, the thief uses your card information to request a change in the billing address and an additional card. The thief can then use your account for as long as it takes you to realize that your card has been comp	credit card, credit cards, credit card theft, credit report, fraud alert
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-rent-with-credit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-rent-with-credit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More landlords accepting rent payments by credit card	While acceptance is hardly universal, a growing number of landlords allow paying rent by credit card. 	credit cards, card, rent payments, processing fees, apartment rent, landlord
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-debt-no-income-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-debt-no-income-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retired, with little income, big tax bill	Living just off her Social Security income, a 72-year-old woman asks columnist Alan Klayman how to go about paying her property taxes on such a small fixed income.	property taxes, credit card, credit cards, Social Security, retiree, escrow
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-etiquette-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-etiquette-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card etiquette	Etiquette experts say that when credit disputes and problems arise, don't reach out and crush someone. Win with courtesy.	credit card, dispute, etiquette, courtesy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-arbitration-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-arbitration-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card arbitration: What it is, how it works	Many large credit cards and most store cards require you to bring disputes to an arbitrator, an alternative to court,  if you can't reach a solution with the company	credit, card, arbitration, court, dispute, resolution, alternative
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-tips-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-tips-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for dealing with binding credit card arbitration	You're probably stuck with binding mandatory credit card arbitration. But these tips will help you cope.	binding, mandatory, credit card, arbitration, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-credit-inquiries-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-credit-inquiries-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit inquiries and your credit score	The Credit Guy explains how credit inquiries negatively impact your credit score and how long these inquiries remain on your credit report, as well as advises readers to not needlessly shop for credit.	credit card, credit cards, credit score, credit inquiries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earth-day-credit-card-stories-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earth-day-credit-card-stories-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	It's getting easier to be green with credit cards	Opting out of paper credit card statements is one way to protect the planet for Earth Day.	earth day, opting out, environment, paper statements, interactive, multimedia, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-lower-credit-card-interest-rates-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-lower-credit-card-interest-rates-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How I asked for -- and got -- a lower credit card interest rate	Armed with a phone, a good payment history and lots patience for time on hold, To Her Credit columnist Sally Herigstad asked for and got lower interest rates on her credit cards	credit card, credit cards, APR, interest rate, annual percentage rate, credit card interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Green' credit cards reward the environment	This interactive feature contains information about numerous 'green' cards, credit cards that use rewards points and money to benefit the environment.	green credit cards, green cards, earth day, environment, charity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/extreme-credit-card-limits-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/extreme-credit-card-limits-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Extreme credit card limits	One of the cardinal rules of responsible credit card usage is to apply for only as much credit as you need. A sizable group of consumers take a different approach: Apply for as much credit as you can get.	credit card, credit cards, credit card limits, extreme credit card limits, credit score, FICO, credit limit, over the limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-environment-poll-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-environment-poll-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: U.S. not very eco-friendly with credit cards	Americans may well be more environmentally conscious these days, but not if it means making major changes in how they use their credit cards, a CreditCards.com national survey shows.	ecology, environment, eco-friendly, credit card, paper, billing, statements
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tougher-credit-card-debt-negotiation-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tougher-credit-card-debt-negotiation-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Creditors become less willing to negotiate with debtors	Credit counseling agencies could once negotiate lower interest rates on behalf of debt-ridden clients. But credit card issuers are no longer willing to be as forgiving.	credit counseling, counselor, debt, negotiate, management plan, DMP, card, issuers, cut, interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recycled-credit-card-crafts-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recycled-credit-card-crafts-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Teaching old credit cards new tricks	Some creative crafts people are happy to breathe new life into old cards -- and are doing their part to keep that plastic from heading to the landfill.	recycle, recycled, credit, card, cards, crafts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-investing-excess-cash-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-investing-excess-cash-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Investment choices after retirement funds are maxed out	With extra cash on hand, is it best to invest in paying down the mortgage or investing in mutual funds? Maturing Loans columnist Alan Klayman knows.	credit card, credit card debt, investments, investment strategy, mutual funds, 401(k), IRA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-self-control-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-self-control-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Self control and credit cards	Don't shun credit because you've had trouble with overspending in the past. A strategy of taking on credit in small doses is better for you, says Sally Herigstad.	credit cards, credit card, credit rating, credit report, spending money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-how-APRs-work-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-how-APRs-work-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card APRs work	Balance transfers, cash advances and purchases typically have different APRs. Card issuers apply payments to lower interest rate balances first.	credit cards, credit card, balance transfer, cash advances, purchases, APRs, interest rate, fixed rate, revolving balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-securities-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-securities-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will credit card securities be the next financial mess?	Securitized credit card receivables -- the fuel that drives credit card issuance for major banks -- may falter as credit card defaults rise.	credit-card-asset-backed-securities-defaults
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-credit-card-securities-work-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-credit-card-securities-work-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card securities work	Major credit card banks sell millions of accounts to special trusts that issue bonds repaid with monthly credit card payments from account holders.	credit card, securities, trusts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-retiring-with-credit-card-debt-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-retiring-with-credit-card-debt-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to retire credit card debt when you do	Carrying credit card debt into retirement requires a plan.	retirement, credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, Social Security, pension
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-protection-travel-plans-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-protection-travel-plans-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know your rights when you charge travel costs	Recouping your money if your trip is canceled is much easier with credit cards than if you paid with cash or by check.	credit card, credit cards, travel insurance, bankrupt airlines
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-cuts-rates-again-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-cuts-rates-again-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed cuts rates; will your credit card bill fall, too?	The Federal Reserve's rate-setting committee, in an effort to rejuvenate the economy, trimmed a key short-term interest rate Wednesday, this time by one-quarter of a percentage point. 	Federal Reserve, credit cards, credit card, interest rate cut
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstag-nonpayment-credit-card-advice-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstag-nonpayment-credit-card-advice-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Two years behind on credit card payments	How do you even begin to pay back credit card debt that is two years old?	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, nonpayment, bad credit, credit repair, credit counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-card-rewards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-card-rewards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Small business, big rewards from credit card companies	Small business is big business for credit card companies, lending institutions	small, business, credit card, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unfair-credit-card-trade-practices-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unfair-credit-card-trade-practices-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed backs rules to curb deceptive credit card practices	Federal banking regulators are taking unusual steps to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive trade practices in the credit card industry	credit card unfair trade practices federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-credit-counselors-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-credit-counselors-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Check out credit counselors' credentials first	Before you hire a credit counselor, make sure you check out their credentials.	credit card, credit cards, credit counselors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/campus-student-ID-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/campus-student-ID-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cashless colleges: Student IDs turn into payment systems	Today's student ID cards open doors to dorms and labs, earn discounts with local merchants, sub-in for loose change at vending and copy machines, and even help with the laundry.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-retired-no-money-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-retired-no-money-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 tips for squeezing a budget even tighter	It's tough to make ends meet on a fixed income. To do it, you have to squeeze the spending hard, says 'Maturing Loans' columnist Alan Klayman.	retirement, Social Security, saving money, bundled services, coupons
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-ways-students-ruin-credit-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-ways-students-ruin-credit-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top 10 ways students ruin their credit	College can be a great time to enjoy independence and build a foundation for the future, or an opportunity to begin their careers with unnecessary credit card debt.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, students, debt, student loans, bad credit, missed payments, late payments, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-campus-student-id-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-campus-student-id-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 must-ask questions for multiuse college campus cards	Campus cards, like anything involving money, are not free from potential pitfalls, and the cards' fees and policies can be as different as Buckeyes and Wolverines. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-balance-transfers-make-sense-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-balance-transfers-make-sense-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When balance transfers make sense	There's no sense in delaying balance transfers to lower interest rate credit cards if your credit is good. 	credit cards, credit cards, balance transfers, balance transfer fees, low interest, high interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-authorized-user-joint-accounts-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-guy-authorized-user-joint-accounts-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized user or joint account holder?	There are major differences between an authorized user and joint account holder for credit card accounts. One is liable for unpaid balances and the other is not.	credit card, credit cards, account holder, cardholder, authorized user, joint account holder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rental-car-insurance-policies-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rental-car-insurance-policies-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare credit cards' rental car insurance policies	Credit card companies' policies vary sharply, so don't always be quick to turn down rental car agencies' optional coverage.	credit, card, rental, insurance, coverage, optional, policy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-smarter-fifth-grader-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-smarter-fifth-grader-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you smarter about credit cards than a 5th grader?	You may be surprised at how closely a child's view of the credit card world comes to the actual way plastic works -- as opposed to the carefree convenience touted in most credit card television commercials.	fifth, 5th grade, grader, smarter, credit cards, debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-increase-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-increase-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed proposal: No more credit card rate hike surprises	New proposed rules would require credit card issuers to send notices and provide free credit reports when consumers are subject to interest rate hikes based on credit reports.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-terrorism-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-terrorism-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The credit card-terrorism connection	Interviews with terrorism experts and readings of case studies from around the world reveal that the credit cards have become a favored tool of terrorists. 	credit card, terrorism, terrorist
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-travel-rewards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-travel-rewards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card travel tips	From airline frequent flier miles to foreign currency conversion, know the rules of the road before you hit the road this summer.	travel tips, airline miles, frequent flier miles, gas cards, airline rewards, foreign travel, currency conversion, transaction fees, vacation, summer vacation, credit card travel rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rookie-advice-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rookie-advice-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Advice for a credit card rookie	There are all kinds of credit cards with all kinds of different rules. Make sure you pick the right card for you.	credit card, credit cards, APR, revolving debt, credit card balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-affording-loans-in-retirement-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-affording-loans-in-retirement-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rethinking borrowing in retirement	In retirement, the thinking about retirement and income changes	retirement, loan payments, income, Social Security, income, income strategy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-canceled-credit-cards-and-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-canceled-credit-cards-and-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling a credit card and your credit score	Elements to consider when canceling a long-standing credit card and how that cancellation will impact your credit score.	credit card, credit cards, credit score, canceling a credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interchange-fees-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interchange-fees-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GAO: Government pays massive credit card fees, too	Just like gas station owners and other merchants, the federal government pays interchange fees for credit card and debit card transactions -- and its bill is huge, says a new GAO report.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-card-price-poll-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-card-price-poll-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gas prices take toll on family visits	More than half of Americans say they've cut down on visiting family and friends due to gas prices, a CreditCards.com poll reveals. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/celebrity-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/celebrity-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why celebrity credit cards fail	We'll buy their branded clothes, their branded perfumes,  their  branded sheets -- but we won't use their brand of cards to buy them. Why celebrity cards haven't found a place in our wallets.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Harvard-study-endorses-self-directed-credit-cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Harvard-study-endorses-self-directed-credit-cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do-it-yourself credit cards studied	Based on her research of low-income women, a Harvard lecturer says they would be better served by a 'self-directed credit card,' allowing them to set their own credit card limits and restrictions.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Klayman-income-strategy-part-one-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Klayman-income-strategy-part-one-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reduce retirement risk: Diversify investments	Maturing Loans columnist Alan Klayman advises against the one-stock retirement bet and says the best way to generate income is through a well-planned income strategy.	retirement, stock market, investments, income strategy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-programs-pitfalls-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-programs-pitfalls-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Trips and traps of credit card rewards programs	Cardholders must read the fine print to understand clearly how their credit cards programs work.	credit cards, credit card rewards programs, frequent flier miles, cash back cards, rebates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-checking-credit-reports-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-checking-credit-reports-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obsessing over your credit score	There are three things you should never check daily: your weight, your stocks and your credit score.	credit score, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-income-strategy-2-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-income-strategy-2-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hedging your investments for maximum returns	Maturing Loans columnist Alan Klayman weighs the benefits of creating an income strategy in retirement against the standard investment strategy.	investments, income strategy, investment strategy, CDs, stocks, mutual funds
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-college-student-establish-credit-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-college-student-establish-credit-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to help your college-age child establish credit	Students with their first credit card can be dangerous, so parents of should help their college-age children create a spending plan, says The Credit Guy.	student, credit, card, parents, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-credit-card-divorce-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-credit-card-divorce-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for dividing credit card debt	Got credit card debt? Going through a divorce? These steps will help you cope -- and not get stuck with your ex's tab.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-card-prediction-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-card-prediction-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Contactless credit cards 'floundering'	Contactless credit card technology is supposed to be the wave of the future. So far, according to experts, few seem to care.	contactless, credit, card, technology
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-travel-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-travel-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for using a debit card for travel	Debit cards are popular, but are not always the best choice for travel. 	debit, card, travel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-child-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-child-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who's liable for underage credit card debt?	A 15-year-old charges up $2,000 in credit card debt. Her parents wants to know who is responsible for paying off the balance.	credit card, credit cards, minors, balance, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-great-credit-high-interest-rate-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-great-credit-high-interest-rate-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Good credit? You deserve the best interest rates	If you have good credit, it pays to shop around for lower interest rates.	car loan, credit rating, interest rates, upside down loans, down payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-state-statute-limitations-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-state-statute-limitations-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	State statutes of limitation for credit card debt	Creditors have a limited time in which to file suit over unpaid credit card debt. Here are the statutes of limitation for all 50 states and Washington, D.C.	statute of limitations, credit, card, debt, state, laws, states, time-barred, collect, sue, litigation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-discrimination-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-discrimination-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who gets credit cards may be a matter of black and white	A study found where you live may play a key role in whether you're granted a credit card. 	credit, card, discrimination, redlining
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-discount-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-discount-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discounts: 18 ways to get gift cards for less	Use these techniques to pay less than face value or boost buying power of a gift card 	gift cards, gift card, expired gift card, expiration dates, reclaimed funds, gift cards for less
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-resellers-services-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-resellers-services-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The good guys of credit repair	Credit repair firms say they can boost your credit score, but it's credit resellers who do the job for less hype, less money and less mystery.	credit repair firms, credit resellers, credit doctors, rapid rescorers, credit score, credit bureaus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debit-cards-consumer-security-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debit-cards-consumer-security-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit vs. credit: Which offers more protection?	Debit card issuers are increasing consumer protections similar to credit cards.	credit cards, credit card, debit card, debit cards, consumer protection, Regulation E, Regulation Z
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-helping-mother-consolidate-debt-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-helping-mother-consolidate-debt-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When your parents' debt problems need attention	Seniors can easily become overwhelmed with credit card debt. Here's some advice how to help them.	credit cards, credit card, credit card debt, senior debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-report-april-2008.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-report-april-2008.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed's G19 report: Credit card activity slows in April 2008	The Fed's latest G19 data shows revolving credit (of which about 98 percent is comprised of credit card debt) edged upward at an annual rate of about half a percentage point percent in April 2008.	Federal Reserve, credit card, credit cards, consumer spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-cards-credit-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-cards-credit-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Coping with the gas pump	We'll help you cope with the rising cost of gas, beware pump-side scams and learn smart ways to finance fuel costs.	gas cards, gas prices, fuel prices, gas credit cards, proprietary cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/school-lunch-cashless-payment-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/school-lunch-cashless-payment-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Kids' lunch money lost less often in cashless cafeteria lines	Getting your lunch money stolen is so 20th century. Today's school students pay for school lunches with ID cards and fingerprint scanners.	school, lunch, cashless, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-managing-credit-card-payments-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-managing-credit-card-payments-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Managing on-time credit card payments	When transferring balances to 0 percent cards, it's critical to make on-time payments or you'll lose out.	credit cards, credit card, credit card payments, managing credit card payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-reward-credit-card-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-reward-credit-card-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retail rewards cards: Stores give points and more	Department store credit cards used to offer one-time discounts. Now they offer a variety of ongoing rewards in an effort to build loyalty.	department, store, credit, card, rewards, points 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-sneaky-credit-card-tricks-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-sneaky-credit-card-tricks-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 sneaky credit card tricks -- and how to beat the bank	Just like Three-Card Monte, these tricks can clean out your wallet faster than you can pick a card, any card. 	sneaky, credit, card, tricks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turning-18-credit-card-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turning-18-credit-card-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Turning 18 and credit cards: legal rights and responsibilities	At 18, young adults become fully eligible for, and responsible for, credit decisions. Can you -- or your teenage son or daughter -- handle it?	eighteen, 18, teen, credit card, authorized, responsible, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-cosigning-for-relatives-warnings-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-cosigning-for-relatives-warnings-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	College student wants grandma to co-sign on a credit card	Relatives must be careful when asked to co-sign on a credit card.	credit card, credit cards, co-signer, co-sign, credit report, debit card, debit cards, pre-paid cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fdic-ftc-compucredit-200-million-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fdic-ftc-compucredit-200-million-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds seek $200 million for 'fee harvesting' credit cards	Federal regulators are seeking $200 million in restitution for consumers from a major credit card marketer and two banks for how they  marketed and issued subprime credit cards. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-save-before-paying-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-save-before-paying-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Emergency fund, retirement come before credit card debt	Creating an emergency fund and contributing to your retirement fund should always come before paying off credit card debt.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, emergency fund, retirement fund, unsecured loan, secured loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-fraudulent-tranfers-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-fraudulent-tranfers-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't even think of spending frivolously before bankruptcy	Thinking of loading up your credit cards before you file bankruptcy is considered fraud.	credit card debt, credit card, credit cards, bankruptcy, fraudulent transfer laws
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fee-harvesting-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fee-harvesting-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Evils of 'fee harvesting' credit cards known for a long time	Consumers should beware of cards that charge upfront fees and carry low limits.	fee, harvesting, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-fee-harvesting-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-fee-harvesting-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 things to know about fee harvesting credit cards	People with bad credit may have few options for getting a credit card. Experts advise doing a lot of research before signing up for fee harvesting credit cards.	tips, fee, harvesting, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-debt-management-college-courses-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-debt-management-college-courses-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More colleges offer courses in money, debt management	Basic personal finance is not typically on the short list of required college courses, but universities are realizing that the more they teach students how to manage their money now, the more prepared they are to ward off debt in the future.	college, money management, credit card, credit cards, installment loans, car leasing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-building-credit-after-bankruptcy-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-building-credit-after-bankruptcy-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit recovery advice: Start slow, do it right this time	When pulling out of bankruptcy, it's important to understand how you got there in the first place in order to avoid getting there again.	bankruptcy, credit, recovery, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lick-plastic-bag-credit-card-secrets-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lick-plastic-bag-credit-card-secrets-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Licking, plastic bagging and other credit card secrets	It's gross, but licking a credit card's magnetic stripe can make it scan in a reader. We explain why.	lick, plastic bag, magnetic, stripe, credit, card, reader
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-identity-thief-in-the-family-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-identity-thief-in-the-family-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When a family member steals your identity	Here are the steps you can take when a family member steals your identity to open credit accounts in your name.	identity theft, credit card, credit cards, credit reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-50-years-old-with-no-retirement-funds-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-50-years-old-with-no-retirement-funds-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoiding the 'work until you die' retirement plan	Save up for retirement at any age with tax advantaged retirement plans.	annuities, permanent life insurance, 401(k) plans, tax, advantaged, retirement, plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-retired-with-70000-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-retired-with-70000-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retired, with $70,000 in credit card debt	Tips on how to reduce astronomical credit card debt on a fixed income.	retired, credit card, credit cards, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dispute-credit-card-product-merchant-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dispute-credit-card-product-merchant-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to dispute a credit card bill with a merchant	Dissatisfied with a merchant's product or service? If you do it right, your credit card issuer may step in to help	merchant, dispute, credit card, chargeback, charge, back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-property-taxes-outpace-fixed-income-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-property-taxes-outpace-fixed-income-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Balancing rising expenses against a fixed income	When investing in retirement property, make sure you calculate how rising future real estate taxes will impact the expense of ownership over time.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-what-is-vantage-score-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-what-is-vantage-score-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What VantageScores are, how they work	The VantageScore, introduced in 2006, credit scoring product combines Equifax, Experian and TransUnion credit scores into one score.	credit score, credit scoring, VantageScore, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion, bad credit, good credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employer-job-credit-report-check-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employer-job-credit-report-check-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit checks for job applicants become more common	Increasingly, job hunters are required to allow credit checks during the application process. It's legal, but the applicant has rights, too.	job, application, apply, credit, check, report, Fair Credit Reporting Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-keeping-card-balances-low-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-keeping-card-balances-low-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Improve your credit score by keeping card balances low	Experts now say you should be using no more about 50 percent of your available credit -- not the 67 percent you are using now. 	credit score, credit card, credit cards, credit card balance, micropayments, multiple payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-companies-monitor-purchases-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-companies-monitor-purchases-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers know more about you than you think	Credit card company fraud departments monitor their cardholders purchases to detect unusual patterns or purchases.	credit card, credit cards, fraud, detection, alerts, buying behavior, buying patterns
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-house-sale-to-pay-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-house-sale-to-pay-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is selling your house to pay down debt a good idea?	A reader who has $75,000 in credit card debt wants to know if selling her house to pay off debt is a good idea.	credit card, credit cards, mortgage, delinquent payments, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-manufacturer-credit-card-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-manufacturer-credit-card-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Auto manufacturer credit cards: a car deal on wheels?	Many of today’s credit cardholders aren't interested in just any old rewards -- they're holding out for perks that come in the form of brand-new, all-leather-interior, fully loaded, shiny status symbols to adorn their driveways. 	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, rewards programs, GM, Chrysler, Jeep, Toyota, Audi, BMW, Dodge, Mercedes-Benz
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-may-2008-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-may-2008-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed's G.19 report shows credit card use rebounded in May	The Fed's latest G19 data shows revolving credit (of which about 98 percent is comprised of credit card debt) edged upward/downward in May 2008.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-debt-collection-consumer-rights-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-debt-collection-consumer-rights-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	On Social Security, with debt collectors calling	With a job loss and 5-year-old credit card debt and only Social Security income, a reader needs a lot of help -- starting with knowing her rights, says Maturing Loans columnist Alan Klayman.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, debtors, collection, credit counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-widow-authorized-user-credit-card-debt-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-widow-authorized-user-credit-card-debt-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who's responsible for a deceased spouse's card debt? 	When a spouse dies, credit card debt may or may not be passed along to a widow.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, authorized user, joint account holders
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-credit-card-debt-upon-death-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-credit-card-debt-upon-death-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does it pay to reduce card debt before death?	A reader faces terminal illness and significant credit card debt. She wonders if the debt, since it is unsecured, will have to be paid out of her estate when she dies.	credit card, credit card debt, credit card debt and death, estate, beneficiaries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing-a-funeral-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing-a-funeral-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financing a funeral: All options have pluses, minuses	What is the best way to pay for funeral expenses? All the methods of paying have pluses and minuses.	funeral, bereavement, paying for a funeral, funeral home, credit cards, Totten trust, term life insurance, whole life insurance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-canceling-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-canceling-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The true cost of canceling a credit card	Weighing the true cost of canceling a credit card with an annual fee: How much will it hurt your credit score?	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, Costco, annual fee, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-sticking-to-financial-goals-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-sticking-to-financial-goals-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After creating a debt management plan, stick to it	CreditCards.com columnist Todd Ossenfort strongly recommends that once you're in credit counseling, stick to the goals set up in a debt management plan and avoid temptation to get into more debt	credit cards, credit card, credit counseling, financing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fixed-apr-credit-card-rates-universal-default-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fixed-apr-credit-card-rates-universal-default-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When is a credit card's 'fixed rate' not really fixed?	If you sign a credit card agreement with an issuer that claims to practice universal default, your 'fixed' interest rate can be raised at any time.	credit card, credit cards, universal default, APR, fixed interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/talk-about-credit-cards-the-new-taboo-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/talk-about-credit-cards-the-new-taboo-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Credit card debt the new taboo topic	Religion, politics and sex, move over. Discussing credit card debt is the new taboo. People would rather talk about anything -- their weight, their health problems, even details of their love lives --- rather than talk about their credit card debt.	credit, card, debt, talk, taboo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-debt-questions-to-ask-your-betrothed-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-debt-questions-to-ask-your-betrothed-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 debt questions to ask before getting married	Before you say, "I do," you should get to know each other's financial health, and nothing says it better than your credit report. Here are 12 questions to ask your betrothed.	debt, credit cards, credit card, engagement, fiance, finances, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-off-bad-debts-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-off-bad-debts-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to take to repair your credit	When repairing your credit score, it's best to just start making payments on bad debt rather than trying to negotiate the balance down, says Todd Ossenfort, 'The Credit Guy.' 	credit card, credit cards, credit score, TransUnion, Experian, Equifax, bad debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debt-collectors-calling-on-old-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debt-collectors-calling-on-old-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When is a debt too old for collection?	Saddled with an 8-year-old credit card debt, a senior citizen living on just Social Security wants to know what her rights are.	credit card, credit card debt, collections practices, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-improving-spouses-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-improving-spouses-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do's and don'ts for improving your spouse's credit score	Your good credit score can boost your spouse's poor credit score, but make sure you both set up solid financial goals first.	credit card, credit cards, debt, joint account holder, budget, financial plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-problems-discuss-talk-children-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-problems-discuss-talk-children-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to discuss financial woes with children	How much should you tell your children about your financial difficulties? Experts say parents should let children know when the family is facing hard times, and maybe get the kids to help out.	financial-problems-talking-to-children-economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unfair-practices-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unfair-practices-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Proposed credit card rule changes draw massive response	Consumers have turned out in force to support proposed Fed rules reining in the practices of credit card issuers.	Reg z, fed, proposal, credit card, unfair, deceptive, public, comment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-songs-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-songs-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	13 greatest credit card songs meld pop, plastic	Songs about money are a dime a dozen. But where's the love for credit cards? We found it. Here are 13 songs that unite love, debt and plastic.	credit card songs George Michael, Bob Seger, Whitney Houston, David Byrne, George Strait
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/making-credit-cards-work-in-bad-economy-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/making-credit-cards-work-in-bad-economy-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Making credit cards work for you in a bad economy	With food and gas prices escalating, Americans need to budget more carefully than ever before, including resisting the short-term solution of charging up debt on credit cards. 	credit cards, credit card, gas prices, food prices, debt, retirement, budgets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-forged-credit-card-applications-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-forged-credit-card-applications-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! My ex-wife forged my name on credit card applications	When a family member forges your name on credit card applications, you have two choices: Pay the bill or prosecute, says Maturing Loans columnist Alan Klayman.	credit card, credit cards, forgery, credit report, credit score, lawyers, gambling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-collectors-violate-your-rights-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-collectors-violate-your-rights-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unscrupulous lenders bend collections rules	As a credit card account authorized user, you have no financial responsibility for this account, and the bank knows it. That doesn’t stop unscrupulous companies from trying to collect, however.	credit cards, credit card, authorized user, collections, credit scores, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/military-servicemembers-civil-relief-act-debt-burden-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/military-servicemembers-civil-relief-act-debt-burden-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Understanding the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act 	Active duty service members and their loved ones should know the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act and its umbrella of financial protections, including a 6% cap on interest for credit cards, mortgages and auto loans	servicemembers civil relief act, debt, cap, interest rates, active duty, military
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unemployment-benefits-debit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unemployment-benefits-debit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unemployment benefits switch from paper to plastic	More Americans are entering their state's unemployment insurance maze. Just don't expect to receive the traditional paper check if you find you need assistance, as nearly half of the country has started delivering these benefits through debit cards.	debit cards, unemployment, credit cards, checks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-financing-funeral-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-financing-funeral-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for financing a funeral	Planning a funeral on the heels of a loved one's passing -- especially when the loss is unexpected -- is one of the toughest things you can go through. Still, despite the time crunch and emotional upset, there are steps you can take to control your costs.	funeral, financing, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-bank-fails-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-bank-fails-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What happens to credit card debt if a bank fails?	If a card-issuing bank were to fail, consumers would still owe the money and have to pay it -- but to someone else. Terms might change, too.	debt, credit card, bank, fail, failure, FDIC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-international-service-assessment-fee-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-international-service-assessment-fee-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Even card purchases at home trigger 'international' fee	Credit card purchases may be 'international,' even if you aren't.	credit, card, international, foreign, domestic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-airlines-miles-versus-cash-rewards-cards-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-airlines-miles-versus-cash-rewards-cards-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which is better? Frequent flier or cash rewards programs?	With credit card rewards programs so prevalent, The Credit Guy Todd Ossenfort weighs the benefits of frequent flier programs versus cash back rewards programs.	credit card, credit cards, frequent flier miles, cash back rewards, annual fee, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-go-beyond-for-military-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-go-beyond-for-military-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers' policies for active military service members	While federal law guarantees some debt relief for soldiers, many top credit card issuers ease the burden of debt for active military by offering protections significantly beyond what the law requires.	servicemembers act, loans, interest rate, percent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchants-who-violate-credit-card-terms-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchants-who-violate-credit-card-terms-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Some merchants don't play by the credit card rules	Ever wonder whether it's really OK for merchants to post signs saying 'Minimum credit card purchase $5'? Find out what the  rules are and what consumers can do when the rules are violated	credit, card, rules, merchants, interchange, fees, cash, discounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-credit-card-debt-with-retirement-funds-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-credit-card-debt-with-retirement-funds-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will cashing in retirement funds help my credit score?	To Her Credit columnist Sally Herigstad advises a reader not to cash in all of her retirement in order to pay down credit card debt in an attempt to raise her credit score.	credit card, credit cards, retirement funds, credit score, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-buying-investments-with-credit-cards-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-buying-investments-with-credit-cards-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Invest using credit cards? It's both unavailable and unwise	Laws and regulations exist that determine and limit how much you can use borrowed funds (including credit cards) to purchase investments. 	credit cards, credit card, investments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-when-medical-crises-empty-retirement-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-when-medical-crises-empty-retirement-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When a medical crisis empties retirement funds	What steps to take to restore retirement funds after a medical crisis.	credit card, credit cards, retirement, medical debt, 403b
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lending-crisis-credit-score-cut-limits-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lending-crisis-credit-score-cut-limits-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lower credit limits can hurt consumers' credit scores	Cowed by the lending crisis, card issuers are quick to cut credit limits, an act that lowers the ratio of used to available credit, which hurts credit scores.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-do-if-credit-limit-cut-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-do-if-credit-limit-cut-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do if a credit card issuer cuts your credit limit	You have alternatives to regain your limit -- and a higher credit score.	credit, report, limit, max, maximum, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shariah-compliant-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shariah-compliant-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shariah-compliant credit cards become more common	As credit card companies reach out to specific groups by offering credit cards with ties to everything from charities to pro sports teams, they are also actively pursuing a group of people who have traditionally shunned credit cards because Islam forbids 	shariah, islam, credit cards, compliant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-score-information-balance-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-score-information-balance-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Easy ways to boost your credit score	To help boost your credit score after paying off delinquent accounts, you need to add some positive information to your credit report that will help balance the negative. 	credit score, credit report, credit card, credit cards, secured debt, unsecured credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-passes-hearing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-passes-hearing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights survives key vote	The House Financial Services Committee voted along party lines to pass a bill to rein in the credit card industry.	credit, card, bill of rights, congress, maloney, committee, vote
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/piggybacking-fico-credit-score-authorized-user-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/piggybacking-fico-credit-score-authorized-user-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Piggybacking' gets clemency from FICO 	A controversial score-raising technique that had been slated for phase-out gets new life.	piggyback, piggybacking, fico, authorized user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-airlines-inflight-purchases-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-airlines-inflight-purchases-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Many airlines now accepting plastic for in-flight purchases	Weary travelers, take heart. On most airlines, you are now free to pay for your in-flight Heineken or Harry Potter movie with your credit card. 	credit, card, flier, purchase, flight, air, plastic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hiding-credit-card-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hiding-credit-card-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hiding credit card debt	The exact number of men and women who hide credit card debt from a partner isn't known, but anecdotal evidence and interviews with financial planners suggest that the problem is widespread. 	credit cards, credit card, secret credit cards, hiding credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/uncovering-hidden-credit-card-debt-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/uncovering-hidden-credit-card-debt-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for uncovering, dealing with hidden credit card debt	If you find a loved one has hidden debt, you could scream, fight or even ask for a divorce. Experts, however, say there are better choices.	tips, advice, credit cards, credit card, credit card debt, hidden credit card debt, hidden debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/living-without-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/living-without-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Some live without credit cards -- could you?	Forgoing credit cards and leading a cash-only lifestyle today seems as foreign as mailing a handwritten letter: We know some people do it, but it's hard to understand why.	credit card, credit cards, no credit cards, credit card commando
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/surprise-weird-items-impact-credit-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/surprise-weird-items-impact-credit-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Surprise! Unexpected items can appear on a credit report	Hoping to keep your credit score up? You’ll not only want to stay current with your credit card bills, mortgage payments and student loans -- you may also need to pay any outstanding library fines.	credit score, credit report, credit cards, unusual
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airline frequent flier fees and rules	The airline industry is changing and frequent flier award tickets are no longer free. Here is a chart of fees you can expect to pay if you plan to cash in your air miles.	frequent flier, american airlines, continental airlines, delta airlines, us airways, united airlines, airline fees, frequent flier rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-credit-card-score-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-credit-card-score-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shedding debt outweighs a damaged credit score	Yes, canceling a credit card can hurt a credit score, but it's worth it if you're struggling to make payments, says The Credit Guy.	credit card,cards, debt, credit counselor, budget, score, cancel, canceling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-leaves-rates-unchanged-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-leaves-rates-unchanged-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed leaves rates unchanged; card rates to stay put	The Federal Reserve, as expected, left a key interest rate unchanged.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-rewards-threatened-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-rewards-threatened-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it time to cash in your frequent flier miles?	Fees, the economy and gas prices are threatening frequent flier credit card programs.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-frequent-flier-credit-cards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-frequent-flier-credit-cards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The evolution of frequent flier credit cards and programs	Airline frequent flier programs as we know them today began in early 1981, when the only way to earn miles was through flying. In the late 1980s, the first airline credit card made its debut.	credit card, credit cards, frequent flier credit cards, frequent flier programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-improve-score-before-refinancing-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-improve-score-before-refinancing-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Before you refinance, clean up your credit score	When refinancing your home, it's best to check your credit score for errors or delinquencies so that any dings can be repaired before you apply for the loan.	credit card, credit cards, refinancing, credit score, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-june-2008-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-june-2008-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed's G.19 report shows card debt rose sharply in June	Credit card activity continued to surge in June, according to new figures released by federal banking regulators. Analysts say consumers are relying on credit cards for increasingly costly expenses as other lines of credit remain unavailable.	Federal Reserve, Fed, consumer credit, credit cards, credit card, revolving credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-back-to-school-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-back-to-school-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Back-to-school credit card advice for students, parents	Tips for financing the school year, dealing with credit wisely and learning how to finance post-graduation life.	tips, back to school, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-regulation-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-regulation-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Nearly 3 in 4 feel need for more credit card regulation 	The second annual CreditCards.com 'Taking Charge' survey says Americans mistrust but need credit cards. 	credit card, credit card survey, credit card regulation, credit card poll, credit company mistrust
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-credit-card-movies-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-credit-card-movies-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top 10 Hollywood credit card movies	Plastic plays a key role in these films -- and teaches money lessons, too.	credit card, credit cards, credit card movies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-opt-out-of-rate-increase-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-opt-out-of-rate-increase-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to try and opt out of a credit card rate increase	When opting out of a credit card interest rate increase, it is critical to keep copies of your letter and mail receipt in case the issuer decides to up the rate again.	opt, out, credit, card, rate, increase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-car-lease-loose-ends-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-car-lease-loose-ends-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unpaid car lease fees can ruin your credit	When the lease is over, but over-mileage fees remain, don't leave them unpaid or your credit will take a big hit.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-regulation-graphs-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-regulation-graphs-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Graphs: Nearly 3 in 4 feel need for more credit card regulation 	Annual CreditCards.com Taking Charge survey gauges attitudes about credit cards and lending. 	credit card, credit card survey, credit card regulation, credit card poll, credit company mistrust
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-continental-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-continental-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Continental frequent flier fees and rules	The airline industry is changing and frequent flier award tickets are no longer free. Here is a chart of fees you can expect to pay if you plan to cash in your air miles.	frequent flier, american airlines, continental airlines, delta airlines, us airways, united airlines, airline fees, frequent flier rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-delta-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-delta-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta frequent flier fees and rules	The airline industry is changing and frequent flier award tickets are no longer free. Here is a chart of fees you can expect to pay if you plan to cash in your air miles.	frequent flier, american airlines, continental airlines, delta airlines, us airways, united airlines, airline fees, frequent flier rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-usairways-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-usairways-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. Airways frequent flier fees and rules	The airline industry is changing and frequent flier award tickets are no longer free. Here is a chart of fees you can expect to pay if you plan to cash in your air miles.	frequent flier, american airlines, continental airlines, delta airlines, us airways, united airlines, airline fees, frequent flier rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-united-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-airline-fees-rules-united-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	United frequent flier fees and rules	The airline industry is changing and frequent flier award tickets are no longer free. Here is a chart of fees you can expect to pay if you plan to cash in your air miles.	frequent flier, american airlines, continental airlines, delta airlines, us airways, united airlines, airline fees, frequent flier rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-spousal-death-and-debt-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-spousal-death-and-debt-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spousal death and debt	When a spouse dies, how debt becomes your responsibility	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, estate planning, beneficiaries, elective share
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-adapting-to-economy-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-adapting-to-economy-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: People scale back card use in changed economy	A new CreditCards.com survey suggests the financially fit are surviving the economic downturn, but others are not.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pet-care-veterinary-financing-options-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pet-care-veterinary-financing-options-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Good dog, bad bill: Compare vet care financing options	Pet owners have more veterinary treatment choices than ever, which is good for pets, but can strain finances. We review the payment options.	veterinary care, vet, health care credit cards, credit cards, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-adapting-to-economy-graphs-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-adapting-to-economy-graphs-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Graphs: People scale back card use in changed economy	These graphs show how Americans are adapting to a changed economic landscape.	These graphs show how Americans are adapting to a changed economic landscape.
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-relationships-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-relationships-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Snooping and arguments go along with joint credit	Sharing a credit card account? Expect arguments, snooping and maybe canceling a card, says a new CreditCards.com poll.	taking, charge, survey, sharing, accounts, relationships
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-is-debt-reaffirmation-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-is-debt-reaffirmation-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What is debt reaffirmation?	Reaffirming a loan can be necessary, but too many consumers say debt collectors tricked them into doing it accidentally.	debt, reaffirmation, reaffirm, reaffirming, collector, statute of limitations, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consolidate-credit-card-debt-social-lending-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consolidate-credit-card-debt-social-lending-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More take social lending route to consolidate debt	Shedding credit card debt is the most common cause that people seek loans on 'social lending' sites such as Prosper.	social lending, zopa, prosper, debt, consolidation, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-american-families-pay-for-college-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-american-families-pay-for-college-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How Americans pay for college: A lot of borrowing	Credit cards are rarely used to pay college costs, a new survey says, and when they are, it's mostly out of desperation.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-an-ex-steals-your-identity-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-an-ex-steals-your-identity-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when your ex steals your identity	It's theft when an ex uses your Social Security number to open credit cards in your name, and should be reported to the police and credit bureaus.	credit card, credit cards, identity theft, fraud, credit report, credit bureaus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-car-interest-rate-too-high-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-car-interest-rate-too-high-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you really afford that car loan?	Buying a car with a high interest rate loan can get burdensome down the road -- especially if hard times hit and you're stuck with a loan worth more than the car.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-or-replace-student-credit-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-or-replace-student-credit-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When is the right time to retire a student credit card?	If your student credit card has a low credit limit and high interest rate, you should look to graduate to a better card.	student, credit card, interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-discounts-for-cash-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-discounts-for-cash-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Filling up the tank? It may pay to use cash	Many gas station owners, struggling under the weight of rising credit card fees, are offering discounts to customers who pay by cash.	discounts, credit cards, debit cards, cash, gas prices
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-sample-letters-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-sample-letters-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Identity theft sample letters	If you've been a victim, this step-by-step guide and set of printable letters can help retrieve your name.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protecting-against-identity-theft-on-campus-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protecting-against-identity-theft-on-campus-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect your computer -- and your identity -- on campus	Students heading to college need to take precautions to protect their computers and the sensitive information they contain.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-to-protect-laptop-credit-card-info-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-to-protect-laptop-credit-card-info-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways students can protect against identity theft	Campuses are often a young adult's first step away from the safety of home, so they need to raise their technological guard.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shaving-credit-card-identity-theft-scam-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shaving-credit-card-identity-theft-scam-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card shaving: Scammers go low-tech with trick	Forget high-tech hacking. This credit card scam relies more on X-Acto knives and glue sticks than wi-fi and laptops but can help criminals steal your money just the same.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-pay-off-mortgage-or-credit-cards-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-pay-off-mortgage-or-credit-cards-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Inheritance strategy: Pay off mortgage or credit cards?	When you inherit money, it's important to pay off debts, starting with those carrying the highest interest rate.	inheriting, inheritance, mortgage, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-relationships-graphs-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taking-charge-survey-relationships-graphs-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Graphs: Snooping and arguments go along with joint credit	Graphs of CreditCards.com 'Taking Charge' survey on sharing credit card accounts.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-off-debt-before-baby-dilemma-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-off-debt-before-baby-dilemma-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pregnancy vs. paying down debt	Your heart -- or your ticking biological clock -- says it's time to have a baby. Your credit card bill, however, may be saying something else.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-off-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-off-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Patience is key to credit score repair	It takes time and patience for your credit score to rise after you pay off neglected credit card debt, says CreditCards.com columnist Todd Ossenfort.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-social-lending-consolidate-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-social-lending-consolidate-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pros and cons of using social lending for consolidation	Social lending can be a good choice for consolidating and retiring credit card debt, but has drawbacks	debt consolidation, social lending, pros, cons, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-repair-companies-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-repair-companies-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can credit repair companies ruin your credit score?	With $23,000 in credit card debt, can a credit repair company erase or reduce that debt legally without hurting your credit score?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sign-or-write-see-ID-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sign-or-write-see-ID-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you write 'See ID,' not sign, back of credit cards?	Writing 'See ID' in lieu of a signature is supposed to make a credit card invalid, but the reality is different. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-depression-and-suicide-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-depression-and-suicide-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Severe debt can cause depression and even suicide	Getting depressed over an increased debt load is normal, experts say, but some people just can't seem to dig their way out and become so despondent they contemplate or attempt suicide. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-retirement-debt-payment-strategy-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-retirement-debt-payment-strategy-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Establish retirement priorities when paying off debt	Using retirement funds to pay off high-interest credit card debt? Not such a good idea, says 'Maturing Loans' columnist Alan Klayman.	credit card, credit cards, retirement, retirement funds, high interest, investments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-satisfaction-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-satisfaction-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	J.D. Power: AmEx leads the pack in customer satisfaction	J.D. Power 2008 customer satisfaction survey ranks the top 18 credit card issuers.	credit card satisfaction, american express, AmEx
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-voting-machines-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-voting-machines-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ATMs as voting machines: An idea whose time hasn't come	After 2000s contentious election fades into the chaddy past, so does the call to use the banking system's ATM networks as voting machines.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-data-security-identity-theft-tips-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-data-security-identity-theft-tips-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to avoid ID theft at the register	Here are some steps you can take to make sure that you aren't victimized by credit card fraud when using your card in person at a retailer.	credit cards, identity theft, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-laid-off-but-stuck-with-corporate-card-bill-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-laid-off-but-stuck-with-corporate-card-bill-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Laid off, but stuck with corporate card bill	A recently laid-off employee, who turned in his corporate credit card, is receiving bills for charges on his old card and wonders who is liable for the debt.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-switching-credit-card-interest-rates-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-switching-credit-card-interest-rates-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card balance transfers affect your credit score 	When you transfer a credit card balance from one card to another, you lose points on your credit score. But if the rate is lower and the limit is higher, you gain more.	interest rates, credit card, credit cards, high-interest, transfer fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wage-garnishment-for-credit-card-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wage-garnishment-for-credit-card-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How wage garnishment works -- and how to avoid it	Garnishment, a last-ditch effort to collect debt, can result in a court order seizing part of your wages freezing and then draining your bank accounts. Here's how it works -- and how to avoid it	wage, garnish, garnished, garnishment, debt, judgment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zero-percent-balance-transfer-credit-cards-chart-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zero-percent-balance-transfer-credit-cards-chart-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare today's 0 percent balance transfer offers	Comparison chart shows that 0 percent introductory periods are shorter, fees tougher to dodge.	transfer, balance, credit, card, introductory, zero, 0, percent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government-employee-credit-card-abuse-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government-employee-credit-card-abuse-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government workers sometimes abuse credit cards	A host of examples of credit card abuse by public employees shows that  proper policies and regular scrutiny are needed to avoid draining public coffers and ruining public confidence.	credit, card, p-card, purchase, purchasing, fraud, abuse, waste
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-car-with-a-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-car-with-a-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to buy a car with a credit card -- and when not to	Not all car dealers let you, but for those with rewards cards and faith in their ability to repay, buying a car with a credit card can make sense.	buy, buying, car, auto, credit card, rewards, interchange fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-penalty-rates-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-penalty-rates-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card penalty rates: Mistakes that trigger default APRs	Credit cardholders should recognize that they may be just one late payment away from credit card penalty (default) rates, and sharply higher bills.	default, penalty, rate, interest, rates, APR, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-residual-interest-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-residual-interest-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The ABCs of credit card residual interest	When you pay the full amount on your credit card statement and don't add any new charges, your balance is zero, right? Not necessarily. 	residual interest, credit cards, interest rates, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrants-prepaid-credit-cards-social-security-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrants-prepaid-credit-cards-social-security-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid, reloadable payment cards for immigrants roll out	Issuing credit cards that didn't require Social Security numbers sparked controversy in 2007. In 2008, banks go after immigrants' business with reloadable prepaid cards instead. 	credit cards, immigrants, Bank of America, prepaid, reloadable
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-july-2008-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-credit-card-july-2008-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed's G.19 report shows card debt rose slightly in July	Credit card balances increased in July, according to new figures released by federal banking regulators. That slight uptick is due to the fact that economic woes are making it more difficult for cardholders to pay off existing balances, according to analy	Credit cards, G.19, Fed, Federal Reserve, debt, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-using-parents-life-insurance-for-credit-card-debt-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-using-parents-life-insurance-for-credit-card-debt-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Life insurance is for the living, not for credit card debt	An adult child wants to use her elderly parents' life insurance proceeds to pay off her credit card debt -- before they die.	inheritance, credit card, credit card debt, elderly, life insurance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-south-africa-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-south-africa-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: South Africa	The first in a series showcasing information about credit card use in nations throughout the world. We begin with South Africa.	south africa, credit cards, around the world, nelson mandela, charlize theron
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/outdated-smart-card-chip-pin-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/outdated-smart-card-chip-pin-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. credit cards becoming outdated, less usable abroad	Sure, you can swipe to heart's content here in the United States. But bring that mag-stripe card to Europe and chances are it won't work as the credit card technology there is years ahead.	   
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-reasons-debtors-reaffirm-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-reasons-debtors-reaffirm-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 bad reasons debtors reaffirm debt	Emotions, lack of knowledge and even deception can play a role in a debtor's decision to reaffirm a debt.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-questions-ask-reaffirm-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-questions-ask-reaffirm-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 questions to ask before you reaffirm an old debt	You need facts to decide whether to reaffirm a debt. These questions will ferret them out.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senate-hearing-prepaid-calling-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senate-hearing-prepaid-calling-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	At Senate hearing, prepaid phone cards get minute scrutiny 	Got a minute? Too many prepaid cards don't deliver the ones they promise, witnesses told a U.S. Senate committee.	minutes, prepaid, calling, cards, Senate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-plans-and-credit-cards-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-plans-and-credit-cards-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Layaway enjoying small revival for the holidays	Layaway, largely erased by the rise of credit cards, is making a minor comeback in time for the holidays.	layaway, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virtual-debt-collection-agents-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virtual-debt-collection-agents-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt collection goes virtual	Companies are trying new ways to get delinquent borrowers to pay up, with several major issuers are launching a 'Virtual Collection Agent.' 	credit cards, collections, delinquencies, WaMu
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-management-scam-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-management-scam-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nearly $13 million returned to consumers after settlement	AmeriDebt Inc. and DebtWorks Inc. allegedly scammed consumers by claiming to be nonprofit organizations and keeping money that should have gone to pay off consumers' debts.	debt-management-scam-ftc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-secrets-smart-debit-card-use-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-secrets-smart-debit-card-use-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 secrets to smart debit card use	Debit cards are more common now than ever. We'll give you some helpful tips to make sure you're using them in the smartest way possible.	debit cards, tips, helpful hints
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-avoiding-debt-wont-make-it-go-away-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-avoiding-debt-wont-make-it-go-away-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sally Herigstad's 3 rules of credit	Unpaid credit card debt won't magically erase itself from your credit report after a certain time -- it will impact your life for decades.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-repair-complaint-ftc-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-repair-complaint-ftc-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Court orders halt to Texas couple's credit repair operations	The Federal Trade Commission has filed a complaint against a Texas couple for falsely claiming to repair credit records.	credit-repair-scam-ftc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-gift-card-filing-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-gift-card-filing-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer groups ask FTC for tougher gift card protections	Consumer groups filed a petition Thursday asking federal regulators to do more to keep consumers from losing money on gift cards from bankrupt retailers.	gift cards, FTC, consumer protections, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blind-advocates-target-touch-screen-terminals-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blind-advocates-target-touch-screen-terminals-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Advocates for the blind take aim at touch-screen terminals	For the blind, it's tough enough already to tell a $5 bill from a $20. New payment technologies such as touch-screen point of sale terminals now pose new challenges.	blind, touch screen, credit card, POS
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lenders-cut-back-on-private-student-loans-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lenders-cut-back-on-private-student-loans-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lenders curtail college student loans	Students facing a 'perfect storm' of tight job market and fewer available loans may have to turn to credit cards to fund their studies.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-protections-FDIC-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-protections-FDIC-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer groups ask FDIC for prepaid card protections	A coalition of consumer groups is asking for emergency provisions to protect funds held on prepaid debit cards.	prepaid, debit, cards, gift,FDIC, protections, consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/questions-to-ask-layaway-plan-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/questions-to-ask-layaway-plan-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 questions to ask about layaway plans	Looking to layaway?  Here are 10 questions to ask that will help you find a good layaway plan -- and avoid those that should be thrown away	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Federal-Reserve-Interest-rate-September-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Federal-Reserve-Interest-rate-September-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves key interest rate unchanged	Despite recent stock market weakness and trouble in the financial sector, the Federal Reserve left a key short-term interest rate unchanged Tuesday.	federal reserve, interest rates, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-australia-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-australia-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Australia	Our ongoing series heads Down Under for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in Australia.	credit cards, world, australia
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-q2-credit-debt-delinquencies-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-q2-credit-debt-delinquencies-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt up, delinquencies down in Q2, report says	Americans had more average credit card debt and delinquencies were down slightly during the second quarter of 2008, says credit bureau TransUnion.	credit,card, debt, delinquency, transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pension-maximization-techniques-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pension-maximization-techniques-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Make your pension generate income beyond your death	When you die, your pension dies with you -- unless you take these steps.	When you die, your pension dies with you or you can purchase life insurance with a portion of your pension, leaving behind an income for your spouse and inheritance for your heirs.
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-zero-percent-balance-transfer-credit-card-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-zero-percent-balance-transfer-credit-card-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are 0 percent APR balance transfer credit cards doomed?	Consumers' mailboxes used  to be flooded with offers for balance transfer credit cards with lengthy introductory interest periods of 0 percent. Not anymore.	credit card, credit cards, 0 percent balance transfers, credit card issuers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-business-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-business-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When starting a small business, get a business card	When starting up a small business, it's important to keep business and personal expenses separate for tax purposes.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-credit-outlook-economists-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-credit-outlook-economists-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Economists: Jobs key to curbing consumer credit crunch	The American Bankers Association's Economic Advisory Committee predicts a mild recession during the closing months of 2008; job losses are fueling credit card debt delinquencies.	consumer credit, economic outlook, american bankers association, aba, delinquency, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-buying-a-car-with-a-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-buying-a-car-with-a-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I charge that Acura TL?	While charging a luxury car on your credit card may yield a lower interest rate, the risks are higher than a traditional fixed rate loan.	charge, card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/control-your-credit-ad-campaign-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/control-your-credit-ad-campaign-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit education campaign features interactive game	New educational campaign targets younger consumers with the message: Take control of your credit and personal finances.	credit card debt, advertising council, consumers, good credit, bad credit, financial literacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interactive-credit-game-review-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interactive-credit-game-review-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will target audience get a charge out of new credit game?	CreditCards.com asked young consumers to review a new interactive game designed to educate 18- to 24-year-olds about credit and personal finance.	young people, good credit, review, interactive game, advertising council
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/that-new-card-smell-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/that-new-card-smell-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You think your credit smells? Cards with aromas issued	Smell experts -- yes, there are some -- say the aromatic cards could excite the emotions and cause us to spend more.	smell, aroma, credit cards, mint, Commerzbank, cinnamon, coffee, orange
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-to-avoid-penalty-rates-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-to-avoid-penalty-rates-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips to avoid penalty rates	Credit card penalty rates can double or triple your interest rates -- and substantially boost your monthly payments -- overnight. Here's how to avoid them.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-for-college-with-credit-cards-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-for-college-with-credit-cards-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why students pay for college with plastic, tips to avoid it	When money gets too tight for tuition, a growing group of students and their families break out the plastic. 	student, credit, loans, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-india-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-india-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: India	Our ongoing series heads to India for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in one of the world's fastest growing countries.	credit cards, world, india
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-house-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-house-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cardholders' Bill of Rights to go before House today	The full U.S. House of Representatives is expected to consider the Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights bill today.	credit cardholder's bill of rights, u.s. house, consumer protections, federal reserve, unfair or deceptive trade practices
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/handling-credit-card-debt-in-economic-turmoil-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/handling-credit-card-debt-in-economic-turmoil-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hard times require new credit card habits	In these uncharted economic waters, it is important to keep the level of credit card debt down and refrain from making large, unnecessary purchases on credit.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-transunion-credit-monitoring-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-transunion-credit-monitoring-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deadline passed for free TransUnion credit monitoring	Sept. 24 was the final day for members of the public to sign up for free credit monitoring.	transunion, free, credit, monitoring, class, action, lawsuit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-rights-house-vote-pass-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-rights-house-vote-pass-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House passes Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights bill	The U.S. House of Representatives voted 312-112 to pass a controversial bill that would give credit card users more consumer protections.	credit cards, consumer rights, house of representatives,credit cardholders' bill of rights, maloney, vote
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-tips-for-auto-bill-pay-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-tips-for-auto-bill-pay-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 tips for automatic bill paying	If managed well, using your credit card or your online bank account to pay your bills online is a great idea that could manifest in anything from free plane tickets to actual cash back rewards. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/changing-name-on-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/changing-name-on-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Just-married guide to changing your name on credit cards	Marriage brings plenty of change, and for many women (and a few men), the first one is your name. Tips for how to change your name on your credit cards.	change, name, credit, cards, marriage, married name
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-negotiation-companies-ftc-settlement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-negotiation-companies-ftc-settlement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC settles with four debt negotiators over false claims	The Federal Trade Commission has reached a settlement with four companies for allegedly claiming they could reduce consumers' debts by up to 60 percent.	debt reduction, federal trade commission, ftc, creditors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/terrorist-credit-cards-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/terrorist-credit-cards-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Terrorists pay with credit cards	Terrorists are increasingly turning to credit cards, according to a study written by an expert on terror financing. 	credit cards, terrorism, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-buys-wamu-credit-card-assets-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-buys-wamu-credit-card-assets-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase buys WaMu's banking, credit card businesses	JP Morgan Chase says people with WaMu credit cards and ATM cards should continue to use them and pay their bills on time to the same payment addresses.	wamu credit card, chase, bank failure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-transferring-credit-card-balances-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-transferring-credit-card-balances-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Balance transfers impact your credit score	The ratio between how much credit you have available and how much credit is used is calculated as part of the amounts-owed category when calculating your credit score.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-buys-wachovia-bank-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-buys-wachovia-bank-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi buys Wachovia's banking, credit card assets 	FDIC and the Federal Reserve back Citi's purchase of Wachovia Bank's retail banking assets.	citi, citigroup, wachovia bank, acquire, FDIC, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-balance-transfer-card-or-loan-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-balance-transfer-card-or-loan-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Balance transfer or loan? Do the math before you decide	A reader asks which is a better way to pay off a $5,000 balance: a low-interest balance transfer card or a loan.	credit card, balance transfer, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-crisis-survival-tips-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-crisis-survival-tips-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Crisis survival tips: Pay off debt, cut credit card spending	Experts advise credit card users to pay down credit card debt and wean themselves off of credit card spending.	credit crunch, spending, tips for surviving the credit crisis
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-mexico-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-mexico-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Mexico	Our ongoing series heads to Mexico for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in the United States' neighbor to the south.	credit cards, statistics, mexico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-financial-uncertainty-timeless-advice-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-financial-uncertainty-timeless-advice-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In times of financial uncertainty, follow timeless advice 	In this economy, it's important to keep a clear head and not heed the financial advice of all the doomsayers.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-collectors-violate-ftc-rules-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-collectors-violate-ftc-rules-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When debt collectors don't play by the rules	When debt collectors don't reveal how much you owe, you have rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to find  out how much you owe, how much you paid and what your interest rate is.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wells-fargo-merges-with-wachovia-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wells-fargo-merges-with-wachovia-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wells Fargo forges deal that nixes Wachovia-Citi purchase	Four days after Citi announced a government-backed purchase of some Wachovia Bank assets, Wells Fargo Bank has announced a deal to merge with Wachovia.	wachovia bank, wells fargo, merger, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bad-time-for-new-credit-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bad-time-for-new-credit-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taking on new debt in an economic downturn	During economic instability, it is wise to reconsider the need to take on additional credit lines.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-settles-bankruptcy-court-case-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-settles-bankruptcy-court-case-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One must repay $340,000 to bankrupt debtors	Capital One must repay $340,000 to credit card users because the company collected old debts that had been discharged in Chapter 13 bankruptcy.	capital one, bankruptcy, chapter 13, settlement, u.s. trustee program, credit card issuer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-brazil-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-brazil-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Brazil	Our ongoing series heads to Brazil for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in the soccer-mad home of Carnaval and supermodels.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-france-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-france-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: France	Our ongoing series heads to France for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in the home of great wines and cheeses and the Eiffel Tower.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-tax-implications-cashing-out-investments-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-tax-implications-cashing-out-investments-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know the rules before you tap your 401(k)	Transferring funds from a taxable retirement account into a "safer" investment vehicle can cost you if not done the right way.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-08-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-08-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report on consumer credit shows pace of card use falls	The Federal Reserve's G.19 report, a key measure of consumer spending, showed consumers slowed their spending for the first time in a decade.	Fed, federal reserve, g.19, consumer, credit, spending, card, revolving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-law-third-anniversary-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-law-third-anniversary-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies creeping upward as economy sours	On the third anniversary of bankruptcy reform law, critics wonder how much bankruptcy filings will grow in economic downturn.	bankruptcy law, bankruptcy abuse prevention and consumer protection act of 2005, third anniversary
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-key-interest-rate-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-key-interest-rate-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed cuts rates by half point	Not waiting until its regularly scheduled meeting, the Fed cut a key U.S. interest rate by half a point in order to try to stave off the worst financial crisis since the Depression.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-management-lessons-from-the-past-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-management-lessons-from-the-past-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money and credit lessons from the past	Experts are telling us to pay off debt and stop charging. Here are some money management lessons from the past that can help break the credit card debt cycle.	credit, credit cards, credit card, debt, money management, financing, autos, grocery bills, vacations, travel, budgets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-addiction-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-addiction-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card addiction: How to break the spending cycle	For compulsive buyers, the overwhelming need to buy is an obsession that can ruin finances, marriages, careers and even lives, say compulsive shopping addicts and researchers.	credit card, credit cards, credit card addiction, credit 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-negotiate-change-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-negotiate-change-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 credit card terms you can negotiate and change	If you have a high credit score, you may have more leverage than you think in negotiating over some parts of your card's terms and conditions.	credit, score, negotiate, terms, conditions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-negotiate-credit-card-terms-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-negotiate-credit-card-terms-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 tips for negotiating for better credit card terms	Know your own value, do your research and you'll come out ahead in negotiations with your credit card issuer.	tips, negotiate, credit, card, terms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-when-stop-piggybacking-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-when-stop-piggybacking-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Piggybacking: When should the credit free ride end?	Young people who ride their parents' credit scoring coattails through 'piggybacking' eventually need to go out on their own credit paths -- but carefully, experts say. 	credit cards, students, credit history, piggybacking, authorized user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-filing-bankruptcy-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-filing-bankruptcy-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 tips for those considering bankruptcy	Bankruptcy experts, attorneys and consumer credit counselors offer advice to those thinking of filing for bankruptcy 	filing for bankruptcy, bankruptcy court, debt collection, debts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-wage-garnishment-advice-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-wage-garnishment-advice-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wage garnishment after unemployment	A closer look at how wage garnishment works when you lose your job, get a severance package and get unemployment.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-insurance-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-insurance-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card insurance: don't believe the hype	Credit card insurance sounds like a great deal: For pennies on every $100 of debt, your credit card bills will be paid even if you don't have the money. However, as with everything in life, however, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.	credit card, insurance, protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-study-delinquency-patterns-change-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-study-delinquency-patterns-change-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study shows recent mortgage, delinquency go together	It used to be that homeownership was a mark of stability, a factor that lenders took into account by opening their vaults a little wider to those who had mortgages. No more.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-bankruptcy-filings-statistics-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-bankruptcy-filings-statistics-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy filings, state by state, 2005-2010	Interactive map shows rate of each state's bankruptcy filings, and how the pace fell off a cliff in 2005, then rebounded.	bankruptcy, state, interactive map
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-tips-opt-out-affiliate-marketing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-tips-opt-out-affiliate-marketing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to opt out of credit card affiliate marketing	A law that went into effect Oct. 1, 2008, says businesses can't let its affiliates market to you without telling you first, and without giving you a simple way to opt out.	credit card, opt-in, affiliate marketing, opt out, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-south-korea-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-south-korea-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: South Korea	Our ongoing series heads to Asia for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in South Korea.	credit cards, bailout, south korea
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-card-debt-versus-investing-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-card-debt-versus-investing-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay down debt or invest? Which is more important?	With the financial markets so uncertain, is it wiser to pay down debt or keep investing for the future?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card rewards programs gaining acceptance	Major banks are pushing debit card rewards programs at consumers. Which are worth it? We compare.	debit, card, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-credit-union-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-credit-union-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The pros and cons of credit union credit cards	Credit unions -- banks' nonprofit competitors -- can offer cards with low APRs and late fees and often beat banks in customer service surveys. But they aren't for everyone	credit unions, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-emergency-funds-important-in-crisis-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-emergency-funds-important-in-crisis-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Emergency fund money critical in a crisis	If you don't have an emergency fund, now's the time to create one -- especially as banks tighten their credit standards.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-senate-banking-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-senate-banking-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Senate banking chairman: credit card reform on tap	The U.S. Senate Banking Committee may review key credit card industry and bankruptcy reform measures during November 2008 hearings.	credit card reform, senate banking committee, bankruptcy reform, mortgages, credit cardholders' bill of rights, christopher dodd, carl levin
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-nigeria-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-nigeria-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Nigeria	Our ongoing series heads to Nigeria for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in this African nation.	credit cards, international, nigeria
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-cards-holiday-2008-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-cards-holiday-2008-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As holiday budgets tighten, gift cards remain popular	Although holiday sales overall are expected to take a hit this year, analysts say gift cards' popularity will continue.     	gift card, gift cards, gift, holiday, Christmas 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-ID-theft-and-kids-children-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-ID-theft-and-kids-children-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protecting your children from identity theft	Since years can pass before their crime is detected, identity thieves increasingly target children. Sadly, relatives often are the thieves.	credit, credit score, credit report, identity theft, ID theft, identity thieves
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-malls-holiday-shopping-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-malls-holiday-shopping-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card malls reduce time and money for holiday shopping	The country's continuing economic downturn has created an atmosphere ripe for the one-stop shopping convenience of gift card malls. 	gift card, gift cards, gift card mall, third-party gift cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/opt-out-credit-card-payments-regulation-plan1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/opt-out-credit-card-payments-regulation-plan1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paper: Rules should focus on credit cardholders' behavior	A new paper offers ideas for regulating credit card industry practices.	credit card regulation, interest rates, Federal Reserve, cardholders, New America Foundation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-credit-card-charge-offs-august-2008-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-credit-card-charge-offs-august-2008-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charge-offs rise 48 percent in August '08	Moody's Investors Service reports that credit card charge-offs rose 48 percent in August 2008, and it expects charge-offs to continue to rise throughout 2009.	credit card, credit card charge-offs, credit card delinquency, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-colombia-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-colombia-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Colombia	Our ongoing series heads to Colombia for a look at credit card use and credit card statistics in this sometimes-troubled nation.	credit cards, colombia, around the world
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amish-and-credit-cards-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amish-and-credit-cards-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the Amish deal with credit cards and the credit crunch	The Amish are famous for being credit-averse and widely believed not to have credit cards, though the truth is many of them do.	Amish, credit card, credit cards, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania Dutch
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-status-symbols-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-status-symbols-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Type of credit card used brings neither pride nor prejudice	Advertisements try to persuade us otherwise, but almost no one puts any weight in the brand or appearance of their credit cards, according to a new national survey.	credit cards, status symbols, american express, gkf roper poll, creditcards.com
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-investment-choices-from-house-sale-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-investment-choices-from-house-sale-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sold the house, have some cash, now what?	Seniors who are downsizing need to pay off debt, create fixed-income investment income and have an emergency fund to cover financial surprises.	credit card, credit cards, investments, fixed rate, balance transfer credit cards, emergency fund
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/third-quarter-2008-losses-down-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/third-quarter-2008-losses-down-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card, mortgage losses bleed corporate profits	Credit card and mortgage losses continue to cramp both large and small issuers' earnings, according to recent third quarter reports.	credit card, credit cards, American Express, AmEx, Capital One, credit crunch, financial mess, global meltdown
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-russia-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-russia-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Russia	Our series moves to Russia, where credit cards are becoming more popular in a traditionally cash-driven society.	russia, credit cards, around the world
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-indonesia-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-indonesia-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Indonesia	Our series moves to Indonesia. This Southeast Asia nation is the largest Muslim nation -- and world's fourth largest overall -- in terms of population. It's still mostly a cash-driven society, but the credit card business is definitely growing steadily. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-comparison-chart-08-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-comparison-chart-08-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2008 gift card comparison table	Gift cards will continue to be a popular present this holiday season even in the face of the current economic disorder. Use this chart to find the gift card that's best for you	gift card, gift cards, holiday, gift card chart
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-to-wrap-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-to-wrap-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top 10 creative ways to wrap gift cards	The solution for gift-card lovers or skeptics comes in the form of thinking outside the box -- the ubiquitous, gift card-sized gift card box, that is -- and in getting creative.	gift, card, wrapping, fun, christmas, hanukkah, holiday
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mueller-how-many-right-number-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mueller-how-many-right-number-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are three cards too many? Not if you use them wisely	There's no one answer to how many cards are too many. Lots of variables come into play, including how you use the cards and how you make your payments.	credit cards, available credit, credit scores, credit history, right, number, how many
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-three-cs-of-credit-scores-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-three-cs-of-credit-scores-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Learn the three Cs of credit 	When deciding whether to finance an item over time, consider the three Cs of credit to see if it will hurt your credit score.	credit, credit cards, credit card, financing, collateral, tractor financing, credit score, payment history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-targets-credit-repair-scammers-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-targets-credit-repair-scammers-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC cracks down on 'credit repair' scammers	The Federal Trade Commission today announced the forced closure of a number of businesses that targeted consumers with false claims of boosting their credit scores. 	credit repair, credit scores, scam, ftc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-living-within-your-means-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-living-within-your-means-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Living within your means	Using retirement funds to pay down high credit card debt isn't the best solution. Creating a budget and living within your means is.	retirement, 401(k), budget, financial, plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-china-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-china-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: China	Our series moves to China, the world's most populous nation. It's a place that drew the eyes of the world during the 2008 Summer Olympics and is experiencing a credit card boom that is almost beyond belief.	credit cards, china, credit card fraud, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pnc-acquires-national-city-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pnc-acquires-national-city-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	PNC to acquire National City banking, credit card interests	PNC Financial Services Group Inc. will acquire banking and credit card issuer National City in a deal to be finalized by year's end.	national city, pnc financial services, credit card, acquisition, bank merger
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-lose-gift-card-funds-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-lose-gift-card-funds-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't lose those expired gift card funds	For most gift cards issued by major retail chains, expiration dates are, well, expiring. Still, for those consumers whose gift cards do expire, there are ways to recover those funds rather than losing them forever. 	gift card, gift cards, expiration date, expiration, retail, American Express, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-stories-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-stories-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift cards: Practicality is in for '09	Gift cards are still wildly popular, even as Americans struggle through the recession, but many people are rethinking how they use them.	gift card,compare, features
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scoring-abcs-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scoring-abcs-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Learn the ABCs of credit scores, credit scoring	Credit scores are intriciate, but increasingly important for consumers to know about. We'll break down the credit scoring basics.	credit score, scoring, FICO, Fair Isaac
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-using-401k-for-back-taxes-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-using-401k-for-back-taxes-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't use 401(k) to pay back taxes	Consider the tax and penalty implications when thinking about tapping 401(k) funds to pay back taxes.	IRS, taxes, back taxes, 401(k), retirement funds
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-avoid-bankruptcy-take-control-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-avoid-bankruptcy-take-control-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take control of debt, avoid bankruptcy	Bankruptcy is not the easy solution to debt reduction -- it's expensive, takes time and paperwork and destroys your credit rating for almost a decade.	credit card, credit cards, bankruptcy, credit score, credit, debt, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-extending-delinquent-car-lease-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-extending-delinquent-car-lease-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Behind on car lease payments: What to do?	When facing repossession of your car for falling behind on lease payments, it's best to try to ask for more time rather than steal the car.	lease, car lease, repossession, late car payments, lease
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-stepmother-gifting-with-credit-cards-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/klayman-stepmother-gifting-with-credit-cards-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When family members use 'secret' credit cards	Just who is responsible for the debt racked up by a spouse's secret credit card cache? 'Maturing Loans' columnist Klayman  says it depends on several factors.	secret, credit, cards, responsible
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/thin-file-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/thin-file-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers, credit bureaus grapple with 'thin file' problem	Thin is good -- unless it's your credit file. There it can be a problem, since lenders are wary of consumers who haven't already taken out loans.	thin, credit, score, scoring, file, FICO, FAKO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-statistics-2007-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-statistics-2007-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Who gets gift cards (and which kinds we prefer to get)	Statistics on gift card preferences broken down by ethnicity and gender.	Gift cards, gift card, merchants, gift card statistics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-rates-october-2008.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-rates-october-2008.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed cuts rates, but card issuers unlikely to follow suit	The Federal Reserve lowered interest rates yet again, but most credit cardholders shouldn't expect much relief on their annual percentage rates. 	federal reserve, interest rate, rate cut
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-saudi-arabia-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-saudi-arabia-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Saudi Arabia	Our series moves to Saudi Arabia. This wealthy, oil-rich nation is slowly beginning to embrace the use of credit cards, like much of the world, but some of its traditions and customs are making their transition a bit more challenging than others.	credit cards, saudi arabia, credit card statistics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-gift-card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-gift-card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuers launch 'environmentally friendly' payment cards	Responding to what they see as customer demand for environmentally friendly products, American Express and U.S. Bank this week announced the introduction of payment cards that aim to help -- or at least not hurt -- the planet. 	credit cards, environment, American Express, U.S. Bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hud-fha-nontraditional-credit-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hud-fha-nontraditional-credit-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How HUD evaluates nontraditional credit for FHA mortgages	Here are some of the guidelines issued in 2008 by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for establishing and evaluating nontraditional credit histories.	HUD, FHA, evaluate, nontraditional, credit, histories, payments, utilities
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-cutting-back-debt-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-cutting-back-debt-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Surveys say: Americans report cutting back spending, debt	Recent polls conducted by three different groups echo CreditCards.com 'Taking Charge' survey: consumers are adapting to changing economy.	economy, credit, debt, poll, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-avoiding-wage-garnishment-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-avoiding-wage-garnishment-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Leaving country won't avoid wage garnishment	Leaving the country to escape credit card debt doesn't guarantee that it will be gone if and when you come back.	wage garnishment, statutes of limitations, credit card, credit cards, 5 credit cards, credit card debt, creditors, credit score,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/joint-proposal-forgive-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/joint-proposal-forgive-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer, lender groups ask for card debt forgiveness	Many consumers can no longer qualify for traditional debt reduction plans, two groups have asked to test a more generous debt-reduction plan.	consumer federataion, financial services roundtable, joint, OCC, proposal, credit card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-argentina-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-argentina-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Argentina	Our series moves to Argentina for a look at how credit cards are used in this vibrant South American nation.	credit cards, debit cards, argentina, debt, phishing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-bad-credit-job-applications-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-bad-credit-job-applications-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Better credit can improve your job prospects	Going for a first job? Great. Buff your credit report as well as your resume, because employers these days look at both	opening credits, credit cards, credit score, job application, hiring
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-securities-outlook-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-securities-outlook-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rising credit card bill delinquencies vex card securities	Securitized credit card debt portfolios of major card issuers are experiencing greater losses as economy slows and job losses increase.	securitized credit card debt, asset-backed securities, charge-offs, delinquencies, banks, issuers, credit card securities
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Banks tighten lending standards even more	Lenders are sharply tightening standards, by cutting credit limits and increasing minimum payments and required scores.	senior, loan, officer, Federal Reserve, report, credit card, tightening, minimum payments, credit score, limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-president-credit-card-outlook-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-president-credit-card-outlook-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obama will usher in credit card reform, observers say	The 2008 election of Barack Obama as president was heralded by consumer advocates as harbinger for change. But will the pro-consumer promises of candidte Obama make the to-do list of President Obama?	credit card, bankruptcy reform, unfair and deceptive practices, obama, mccain, new administration
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sinowal-trojan-horse-steals-500000-bank-accounts-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sinowal-trojan-horse-steals-500000-bank-accounts-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sinowal trojan compromises 500,000 bank accounts	The details of roughly 500,000 online financial accounts were stolen by malicious software deemed the "most pervasive and advanced pieces of crimeware ever created by fraudsters."	Sinowal, trojan, Russian Business Network, fraud, cybercrime, cyberware, bank accounts, Torpig, Mebroot, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-creative-desperate-uses-for-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-creative-desperate-uses-for-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 creative -- or desperate -- uses for credit cards	The pieces of plastic in your wallet are good for more than spending. In a pinch, they can scrape ice from a window, pick a guitar and more.	credit card, emergency, uses, pick, ice, scrape
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-turkey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-turkey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Turkey	Our series moves to Turkey, a growing nation that's struggling with astronomical credit card interest rates.	credit cards, turkey, credit card fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailers-tighten-credit-card-standards-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailers-tighten-credit-card-standards-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retailers tighten credit card standards	While it may sound enticing to save 15 percent off your purchase at the checkout counter by applying for that retail credit card, your chances of getting approved for a store credit card are getting slimmer. 	retail, credit, card, store
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-crunch-survival-guide-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-crunch-survival-guide-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com's credit crunch survival guide	Credit's getting tougher to come by these days, and this credit crunch impacts virtually every American. So what is a consumer to do? It depends on how you use your card. With that in mind, we've created this guide to help you make your way.	credit crunch, tips, help, credit cards, survival, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-credit-card-comparison-table-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-credit-card-comparison-table-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. retail store credit card comparison	There are two types of retail store cards.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spending-and-credit-card-offers-decrease-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spending-and-credit-card-offers-decrease-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer spending, credit card offers decline in tandem	Consumers aren't much in the mood to spend, and credit card issuers aren't much in the mood to let them, two new reports say.	credit card, credit cards, credit card offers, Discover, spending, spending monitor, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disabled-vet-seeks-credit-card-debt-relief-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disabled-vet-seeks-credit-card-debt-relief-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disabled vet seeks relief from credit card debt	A disabled veteran living on a fixed government income is overcome by credit card debt and seeks a way out.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, Social Security, income, bankruptcy, credit counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-08.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-08.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report shows increase in credit card use	Credit card use unexpectedly rose in September, as cardholders appeared to be increasingly reliant on plastic in the face of economic threats. 	G.19, consumer, spending, credit card, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-businesses-relying-on-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-businesses-relying-on-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As credit lines dry up, small businesses turn to credit cards	More entrepreneurs are priming their companies' financial pumps with that old consumer temptress -- the credit card.	credit, credit lines, lines of credit, credit card, credit cards, small business, entrepreneurs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-first-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-first-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for handling your first credit card	When college students and credit cards mix, the results can be troubling. Here are seven helpful hints to keep yourself or your kids from falling quickly into the debt trap.	credit cards, tips, college students, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protecting-child-identity-theft-tip-sheet-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protecting-child-identity-theft-tip-sheet-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Step-by-step guide to checking your minor child's credit	If there are indications your child's identity has been stolen, these steps will help you successfully contact the credit bureaus to check.	identity theft, ID theft, credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion, instructions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-never-had-a-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-never-had-a-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Building a credit history without credit cards	Living without credit cards can lead to a 'thin' credit file in which  lenders don't see enough evidence that you are a good credit risk.	no credit, credit, credit card, credit cards, thin file, thin credit, credit report, credit score, Vantage Score, building credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-securities-treasury-bailout-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-securities-treasury-bailout-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Treasury wants to jump-start stalled credit card securities	U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said regulators are considering a plan to boost investor confidence and help credit card asset-backed securities markets.	credit card, asset backed securities, treasury department, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deferred-interest-pros-and-cons-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deferred-interest-pros-and-cons-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deferred interest, same as cash: Play the game right or lose	It's tempting: "No payments until 2010." Find out the how deferred interest payment programs work, the best way to use them and what happens if you don't pay on time.	deferred payments, same as cash, late payments, APR, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/issuers-closing-dormant-inactive-credit-card-accounts-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/issuers-closing-dormant-inactive-credit-card-accounts-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use it or lose it: Issuers quick to close dormant accounts	The message these days from credit card issuers to customers who aren't using their plastic is a blunt one: Use it or lose it.	credit card, credit cards, dormant account, credit score, credit history, credit card issuers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-specialty-gift-cards-plus-chart-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-specialty-gift-cards-plus-chart-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare specialty gift cards	Bird lover? Chocoholic? As a holiday gift-giver, it might be nice to give a specialty gift card that will encourage recipients to temporarily forgo frugality, despite the glum economy.	gift card, gift cards, general purpose cards, merchant gift cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-israel-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-israel-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Israel	Our series moves to Israel.	credit cards, israel, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-say-when-you-cant-pay-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-say-when-you-cant-pay-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can't pay? Don't know what to say? Here's a 4-step plan	A step-by-step guide to talking with creditors when there isn't enough cash for a complete payment. 	credit card, credit cards, delinquent, card issuer, Bank of America
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-cash-advance-down-payment-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-cash-advance-down-payment-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card cash advances for home down payments?	With no-money-down mortgages gone, lenders say they sometimes see buyers draw credit card cash advances to make their home down payments.	credit card, credit card advance, credit card advances, mortgage, down payment, lenders, financing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-card-choices-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-card-choices-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Got bad credit? Know your bad credit credit card choices	Those with bad credit have choices -- some dangled by predators looking to make their money problems worse.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-credit-clean-when-buying-a-home-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-credit-clean-when-buying-a-home-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping credit scores clean before you close on a home	Unwitting homebuyers who go on a credit card binge risk losing their pre-approval status and financing.	credit score, FICO, credit card, credit cards, financing, homebuyers, lenders, underwriting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-money-club-comeback-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-money-club-comeback-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money clubs making a comeback	If you're one of those people who finds that a little group support never hurts, you may want to organize a money club. 	support, money, savings, club
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-forgiveness-occ-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-forgiveness-occ-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Regulator rejects proposal to forgive some credit card debt	The Office of the Comptroller of Currency issued a response to a proposal to forgive some borrowers' credit card debts. No way, OCC says. The plan was supported by the banking industry and consumer groups.	office of the comptroller, credit card debt, forgive, consumer federation of america, financial services roundtable
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-will-a-second-credit-card-hurt-my-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-will-a-second-credit-card-hurt-my-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Higher limit or second card will impact your credit score	If you think your credit limit's too low, you may consider either asking your current issuer for a higher limit or getting a second card. Either way, don't forget to consider the impact the move will have on your credit.	credit limits, credit cards, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-to-avoid-late-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-to-avoid-late-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips to avoid a credit card late fee	Being even a minute late with a credit card payment can cost you dearly -- as much as $39 each time, according to one recent survey -- but some simple steps can help keep your exposure to these extra costs to a minimum. 	late fees, credit cards, delinquencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-tips-black-friday-cyber-monday-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-tips-black-friday-cyber-monday-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	13 tips to protect yourself on Black Friday, Cyber Monday	Black Friday and Cyber Monday aren't just big days for shoppers -- ID thieves look forward to them, too. We'll give you tips to make sure that your identity is safe and secure when you shop online or in the stores.	identity theft, credit cards, black friday, cyber monday
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/look-ahead-at-2009-credit-cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/look-ahead-at-2009-credit-cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 predictions for credit cards in 2009	This has been a tumultuous year for credit cardholders and issuers. What does 2009 hold? We'll take a look.	credit cards, trends, 2009
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-to-graduating-from-subprime-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-to-graduating-from-subprime-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10-step plan for graduating to a prime credit card 	While most people wisely avoid subprime cards -- which feature low credit limits, high annual fees and sky-high annual percentage rates -- they are one of the best ways for consumers boost their credit before graduating to a better card, experts say. 	credit cards, credit score, subprime credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-credit-card-payments-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-credit-card-payments-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Understanding how credit card minimum payments are set	Your credit card's minimum-payment-due amount can be a mysteriously shifting figure that makes a significant impact on the monthly budget. We'll help you solve the riddle.	credit cards, minimum payments, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charitable-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charitable-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gifts that give twice: Charitable gift cards	Give more meaning and economize your holiday gift giving by purchasing gifts that give twice -- charity gift cards.	gift cards, Visa, MasterCard, Capital One, charity gift card, charity, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/100-word-statement-sample-letters-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/100-word-statement-sample-letters-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit report 100-word statement sample letters	These sample 100-word letters -- tailored to satisfy each of the Big Three credit bureaus and fit several situations -- can help you plead your case on your credit report	sample letters, credit report, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-purchase-privacy-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-purchase-privacy-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What electronic payments reveal about you to lenders	Credit card issuers have access to a wealth of information about where you shop, how much you spend and how often. Increasingly, they use that data to change your access to credit.	credit card purchases, behavioral modeling, monitoring,tracking, surveillance, privacy, tattletale, Credit CARD Act, redlining, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-switzerland-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-switzerland-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Switzerland	Our ongoing series moves to Switzerland, the country that is synonymous with all things banking.	credit cards, around the world, Switzerland
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-fdic-insurance-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-fdic-insurance-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FDIC: Prepaid cards qualify for deposit insurance	The FDIC has ruled that money held on prepaid or stored value cards can qualify for deposit insurance if banks set up the accounts.	prepaid card, stored value card, fdic, bank deposits, consumers union
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-most-from-bankrupt-retailers-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-most-from-bankrupt-retailers-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips to get the most from bankrupt retailers' gift cards	If you're like most Americans, you have some unused gift cards, and you'll likely get more of the popular plastic this holiday season. But even as more companies declare bankruptcy, there are steps you can take to avoid ending up with a useless gift card.	gift cards, bankrupt, retailers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-new-rules-of-credit-card-negotiations-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-new-rules-of-credit-card-negotiations-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 new rules of credit card negotiations	With credit card companies slashing credit lines and raising interest rates to recoup heavy losses, cardholders face new hurdles when trying to negotiate credit card terms.	credit card, credit cards, credit card terms, credit cardholder, APR, negotiate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/q3-credit-card-delinquency-rates-down-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/q3-credit-card-delinquency-rates-down-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card delinquency rates dip in Q3, Fed data shows	Credit card delinquencies were down and charge-offs up slightly during the third quarter of 2008, according to the latest banking industry figures released Tuesday by the Federal Reserve Board.	credit card, delinquency rate, charge-off rate, federal reserve board
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-down-payment-sources-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-down-payment-sources-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pros and cons of various sources of down payments	Down payments are once again a must to qualify for a mortgage. There are many sources, each with its own advantages and drawbacks.	credit card, down payment, mortgage, home
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-bad-economy-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-bad-economy-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Struggling debt collectors to debtors: Let's make a deal	The tough economy is forcing debt collectors to rethink how they do business. Many will now accept down payments and a little each month from cash-strapped debtors.	debt collection, creditors, debtors, economy, debt collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-small-payment-avoid-garnishment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-small-payment-avoid-garnishment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying less than minimum won't ward off garnishment	Paying less than the minimum amount won't ward off garnishment. It's best to contact creditors directly to work out a payment plan.	credit, credit card, credit cards, garnishment, wage garnishment, minimum wage, creditors, judgment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-philippines-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-philippines-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: The Philippines	Our ongoing series moves to The Philippines.	credit cards, travel, foreign, Philippines
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-apr-hiked-what-to-do-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-apr-hiked-what-to-do-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! My APR's been hiked to 27.99 percent	Credit's tight and your card issuers are reacting by boosting interest rates. Your choices are either to pay off the balance or transfer to another card.	credit, credit card, credit cards, credit report, credit score, FICO, APR, credit crunch, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parent-commits-identity-fraud-against-son-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parent-commits-identity-fraud-against-son-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If dear old dad steals your identity, turn him in	When a parent commits identity fraud against a child, emotions can run high. But given the choice between protecting your parent or your good name, choose the latter.	identity theft, credit card fraud, credit report, credit score, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-ex-spouse-defaults-joint-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-ex-spouse-defaults-joint-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When collectors come after you for ex's unpaid debt	It's an all-too-common problem: Your ex defaults on credit card debt on a joint account, so collectors are coming after you. What are your options? 	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, collectors, collections, joint account, authorized user, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-canada-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-canada-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Canada	Our ongoing series moves to Canada, where the average adult Canadian has two or more credit cards.	credit cards, international, Canada
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-choose-credit-score-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-choose-credit-score-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How debt settlement works, how it affects credit scores	Debt settlement lets you escape part of your debt, but at a price to your credit score.	debt settlement, ossenfort, repair, credit, score, report, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Banks-increase-mailings-but-send-fewer-credit-card-offers-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Banks-increase-mailings-but-send-fewer-credit-card-offers-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks focus mailings on current customers, not new ones	Fearful of taking on more risk in today's economic environment, banks are choosing to focus on keeping current credit card customers rather than acquiring new ones, according to direct mail data from Chicago-based Mintel Comperemedia.	credit cards, new customers, direct mail, customer acquisition
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-booms-amid-bad-economy-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-booms-amid-bad-economy-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	$5.3 billion in stolen credit card info up for grabs	Despite tough economic times on Wall Street, the economy of stolen credit cards and bank account information is booming. According to a report released Nov. 24 by Symantec, stolen credit card info with a potential value of $5.3 billion was available on we	fraud, Symantec, underground economy, hacker
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-chile-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-chile-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: Chile	Our ongoing series moves to South America where we visit Chile.	credit cards, international, Chile
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-negotiate-payment-plans-before-disaster-strikes-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-negotiate-payment-plans-before-disaster-strikes-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Negotiate debt payment plans before disaster strikes	When financial disaster is looming in your household, be proactive. Contact your creditors and explain your situation before times get darkest, and issuers might be willing to work with you.	opening credits, credit card debt, debt management
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-mom-needs-helping-paying-credit-card-bill-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-mom-needs-helping-paying-credit-card-bill-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Elderly mother can't pay $14,400 in credit card debt	An 83-year-old woman can't meet her minimum credit card payments on $14,400 in credit card debt.	credit card, credit cards, minimum payment, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-rules-for-free-credit-reports-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-rules-for-free-credit-reports-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The rules behind getting a free credit report	FACTA provides that the three major credit reporting bureaus  must provide a free copy of your credit report every 12-month period.	credit report, credit reports, free credit reports, annual credit report, credit report disputes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-issuers-losing-welcome-on-campus-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-issuers-losing-welcome-on-campus-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student credit card issuers losing their welcome on campus	Despite the big money many colleges earn from making deals with card issuers, some schools and states are clamping down on giving banks access. 	college, credit, card, campus, school, affinity, logo, mascot
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-for-college-students-considering-credit-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-for-college-students-considering-credit-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for college students considering 1st credit card	Consumer advocates and some college officials offer advice to students who may not be familiar with the world of credit cards	tips, college, students, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-08-bulletin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-08-bulletin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report shows decrease in credit card use	Credit card balances shrank in October, as the tightening of credit by banks made it more difficult for consumers to put charges on their plastic. 	G.19, consumer, spending, credit card, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-08-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-08-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit usage falls in October  	Credit card balances shrank in October, as the tightening of credit by banks and limited consumer budgets made it more difficult for cardholders to put charges on their plastic. 	G.19, consumer, spending, credit card, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-affinity-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-affinity-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Give more with less through charity credit cards	If you're skipping your charity's annual black-tie fundraiser to make ends meet this season, try giving with a charity credit card to give a little back without affecting your budget.	credit cards, credit card, Discover, American Express, Capital One, charity credit cards, affinity credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-enacts-new-credit-card-regulations-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-enacts-new-credit-card-regulations-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Regulators finalize sweeping credit card rule reforms	Federal regulators approved the most sweeping credit card industry reforms in nearly three decades, limiting interest rate hikes on existing credit card balances, giving cardholders a reasonable amount of time to pay bills and requiring better disclosure 	credit card, regulation, regulation z, unfair and deceptive practices, federal reserve board, disclosure, interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-credit-card-gift-for-holidays-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-credit-card-gift-for-holidays-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Give the gift of credit card know-how this holiday	Thinking of giving your kids credit cards this holiday? The best gift you can give them is an education in credit, and CreditCards.com is a terrific place to start.	credit cards, student credit cards, gift cards, credit card tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-disabled-daughter-needs-advocate-for-debt-negotiations-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-disabled-daughter-needs-advocate-for-debt-negotiations-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disabled daughter needs advocate in dealing with debt	A worried mom asks how she can help her disabled daughter who is unable to make minimum credit card payments.	disabilities, minimum payments, credit cards, advocate, homeless
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/just-say-no-to-retail-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/just-say-no-to-retail-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Just say no to store credit cards	There are too many reasons why you shouldn't want a credit card for every store in the mall, so pass up those one-time discounts.	credit card, credit cards, retail credit cards, discounts, mall, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turn-drivers-license-into-debit-card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turn-drivers-license-into-debit-card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to turn your driver's license into a debit card	If you live in one of 24 states that attach a magnetic stripe to their driver's licenses, you can easily transform yours into a debit card.	driver, driver's, license, magnetic, stripe, debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-settles-telephoney-credit-card-case-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-settles-telephoney-credit-card-case-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC settles case against fee-harvesting credit card issuer	Florida-based company used fast-talking computerized voice to deceive consumers, federal agency alleges.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world	Credit cards have spread around the globe, but the differences in how they're offered illustrate differences between cultures.	credit, cards, world, globe, international, countries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wachovia-telemarketer-settlement-occ-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wachovia-telemarketer-settlement-occ-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers to get $150 million in Wachovia settlement	Beginning Thursday, Wachovia Bank will mail out checks totaling over $150 million to more than 740,000 consumers -- an average of $203. The payout stems from a settlement between the bank and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regarding acts co	settlement, checks, payout, wachovia, occ
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-meeting-new-credit-card-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-meeting-new-credit-card-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed meeting this week to consider new credit card rules	The Federal Reserve Board will meet in Washington, D.C., this week to vote on sweeping new credit card industry regulations.	federal, reserve, credit, card, regulations, board, reg z, unfair, deceptive, UDAP
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-how-to-pay-off-60000-card-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-how-to-pay-off-60000-card-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Creating a plan to pay off $60,000 in credit card debt	A reasonable amount of time to pay off unsecured debt is five years or less, so in order to pay off $60,000, expect to pay about $1,300 a month 	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, budget, payment plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-off-debt-for-relative-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-off-debt-for-relative-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bailing family members out of debt: Think twice	If that fresh start comes too easily, in a few years they can be back in line looking for another fresh start, and another.	foreclosure, debt, family debt, relative, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-formulas-dont-change-as-credit-limits-cut-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-formulas-dont-change-as-credit-limits-cut-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit score formulas not changing as credit limits slashed	Banks' decision to cut credit limits may hurt cardholders, but borrowers shouldn't expect any immediate help from the companies that decide how those lines of credit impact credit scores.	credit limit, credit score, credit card, universal default 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-leaving-debt-when-you-move-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-leaving-debt-when-you-move-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Leaving debt behind in another country	Although credit scores don't cross borders, don't bank on being able to just move away from your money troubles.	credit card, credit cards, debt, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prevent-medical-id-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prevent-medical-id-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prevent and cure medical ID theft	Treat your health insurance card as you would a credit card or driver's license, because like the other forms of identification, great harm can be done if it falls in the wrong hands.	medical, identity, theft, thieves, health, insurance, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-interest-rate-december-2008-bulletin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-interest-rate-december-2008-bulletin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed cuts key interest rate to record low	In what was largely a symbolic move, the Federal Reserve today cut interest rates to their lowest level in history. That decision is not expected to have much impact on annual percentage rates for credit cards.	credit cards, federal reserve, federal funds rate, interest rates, benchmark
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-interest-rates-december-2008-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-cuts-interest-rates-december-2008-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed slashes benchmark interest rate to record low	It was largely a symbolic move, but the Federal Reserve today cut a key short-term interest rate to its lowest level in history. Just don't expect it to have much impact on your credit card's APR. 	credit cards, federal reserve, interest rates, federal funds rate, rate cut,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faith-based-debt-counseling-services-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faith-based-debt-counseling-services-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The spiritual side of debt counseling	For the devout in search of debt counseling, faith-based organizations can offer more than just number-crunching, dollars-and-cents advice. They can offer spiritually sound financial counsel that can help debtors chart a course to financial freedom.	debt, debt counselor, debt counseling, Christian debt counseling, God, faith-based
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-a-credit-card-is-processed-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-a-credit-card-is-processed-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card transactions work	This interactive graphic shows what happens when you swipe a credit card, from the merchant to the processing network to the issuing and acquiring banks.	credit card processing, interactive, credit card process, processing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-holiday-promotions-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-holiday-promotions-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2008 credit card holiday promotions	Credit card issuers are sweetening their deals at the end of 2008 by adding rewards and special offers from merchants.	credit, card, holiday, specials, 2008
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-irrational-credit-card-fears-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-irrational-credit-card-fears-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 irrational credit card fears (and 7 REAL worries)	Are you or someone you know afraid to use -- or even obtain -- plastic? Sure, credit cards come with a series of essential cautions, but overall they are safe and useful financial management tools.	credit card, credit cards, fears, irrational, credit score, credit scorers, NFCC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-cope-until-new-credit-card-rules-take-effect-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-cope-until-new-credit-card-rules-take-effect-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cope until new credit card rules take effect	Even though regulators have approved tough new credit card rules, consumers still must watch out for tricks and traps of the credit card game. Here's a checklist of what to do.	credit card, regulations, federal reserve, monthly statement, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-new-credit-card-rules-dont-cover-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-new-credit-card-rules-dont-cover-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules don't cover every credit card issue	New credit card industry rules are the most significant in three decades, but they don't go far enough to protect consumers from credit card abuses, lawmakers and advocates say. Here's what's missing.	credit card, regulations, consumer protections
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unfair-credit-card-practices-rules-bulletin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unfair-credit-card-practices-rules-bulletin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Regulators release final rules on unfair credit card practices	One of three federal regulatory agencies approves sweeping new credit card rules. Fed and credit union group expected to follow suit.	credit card rules, national credit union administration, ncua, federal reserve, unfair and deceptive practices, ots
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-union-approves-new-card-rules-bulletin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-union-approves-new-card-rules-bulletin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit union regulator approves new credit card rules 	New rules will fundamentally change the way credit cards operate, but won't take effect until July 1, 2010. Consumer advocates say that's too long to help families struggling with debt in today's economy.	credit cards, credit unions, federal regulators, national credit union administration, federal reserve, credit card reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-best-to-pay-delinquent-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-best-to-pay-delinquent-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ignoring old debt can come back to haunt you	Lenders view delinquent, but paid off debt better than delinquent unpaid debt.	debt, statute of limitations, credit card debt, ignoring debt, Fair Credit Reporting Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-cards-pay-debt-build-retirement-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-cards-pay-debt-build-retirement-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card rewards can bail you out of debt	Often criticized for encouraging overspending, several credit card issuers recently rolled out programs and cards to help customers pay off debt, save and invest.	credit card, credit cards, credit card issuers, Wells Fargo, Fidelity, Schwab, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-maxing-out-cards-at-register-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-maxing-out-cards-at-register-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers, customers max out for the holidays	Credit card issuers cutting credit lines. Cardholders strapped for cash. Both sides of the credit card equation are being squeezed, causing some uncomfortable situations at the cash register this holiday season.	credit card, credit cards, retailers, maxed out cards, Capital One
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Giving the gift of flight with airline gift cards	Anyone considering giving an airline gift card should make sure all the terms and conditions won't prevent redemption	gift card, gift certificate, airline gift card, expiration dates, terms and conditions, airlines
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-chart-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-chart-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airline gift card comparison chart	Anyone considering giving an airline gift card should check all the terms and conditions first to make sure your gift is a good fit	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compucredit-subprime-credit-card-settlement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compucredit-subprime-credit-card-settlement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC: Subprime credit card marketer must repay $114 million	The Federal Trade Commission has ended its suit against subprime credit card marketer CompuCredit Corp. with an agreement for the company to repay card users $114 million.	compucredit, subprime, credit card, fee harvesting, ftc, deceptive practices
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/monthly-credit-card-statement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/monthly-credit-card-statement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interactive: How your monthly credit card statement looks	Credit card issuers have begun to roll out new monthly statements to their customers. The makeovers were required by new federal rules that take full effect July 1, 2010.	credit card statement, credit card fees, credit card delinquency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shopping-for-first-credit-card-with-no-credit-history-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shopping-for-first-credit-card-with-no-credit-history-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do your homework when shopping for your first credit card	No credit history definitely doesn't mean that you can't get a credit card. It does, however, mean that you'll have fewer options, making it crucially important that you do your homework.	credit card, first credit card, piggybacking, credit report, student credit cards, secured credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-things-not-to-do-when-you-max-out-your-credit-cards-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-things-not-to-do-when-you-max-out-your-credit-cards-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 things not to do when you've maxed out your credit cards	With unemployment rising and many issuers slamming the door on new credit and slashing limits, many consumers are moving ever closer to maxing out their credit cards. In this situation, the best thing to do may be to figure out what you shouldn't do. 	credit cards, maxed-out, credit limits, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/strategies-for-getting-out-of-an-auto-lease-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/strategies-for-getting-out-of-an-auto-lease-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Strategies for escaping a too-expensive auto lease	If you signed an lease that turns out to be unaffordable, you have a few options, but most aren't pretty.	lease, auto, upside down, reposession
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-year-in-review.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-year-in-review.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2008: A year in review	The year 2008 saw unprecedented change in the credit card industry, turning card debt from convenient friend into everyone's enemy. These are the top 10 stories that helped chronicle it.	credit card news, credit cards, 2008, new year
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/with-good-credit-you-can-get-a-credit-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/with-good-credit-you-can-get-a-credit-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If you've been good, you can still get a credit card	'Credit crunch.' 'Card issuers tightening their belts.' 'Credit limits cut.' 'Interest rates jacked.' You've seen the headlines, but just how bad is it? Can you still get a credit card? 	credit card, credit cards, credit crunch, card issuers, Wells Fargo, Capital One, American Bankers Association
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-replace-lost-stolen-gift-card-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-replace-lost-stolen-gift-card-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to replace a lost, stolen gift card (or return an unwanted one)	The reason so many of us love gift cards -- they're a lot like cash -- is also the reason they can be hard to replace when they're stolen or lost. However, there are steps you can take to reclaim your moolah 	gift cards, replacement cards, returns
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fiction-novels-twilight-stephen-king-novels-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fiction-novels-twilight-stephen-king-novels-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 novels show how credit cards appear in fiction	Whether it's "Gossip Girl," "Twilight" or "The Stand," popular works of fiction have shone a light on how we handle credit cards and debt.	credit cards, fiction, Gossip Girl, Twilight, Stephenie Meyer, Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic, Stephen King, Robert Heinlein, The Stand, Stephanie Plum, Janet Evanovich 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/next-generation-atms-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/next-generation-atms-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ATMs aren't just for cash withdrawals anymore	Stamps? Gift cards? Bill pay? Concert tickets? In the past few years, automated teller machines have started offering more than cash.	ATMs, automated, teller, machine, gift, card, credit cards, debit, bill pay, Wells Fargo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-keeping-small-business-credit-limit-high-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-keeping-small-business-credit-limit-high-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep a small business credit limit from being cut	Those who rely on small business cards with high limits to keep their shops running need to be proactive.	small, business, credit, card, limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfers-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfers-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balance transfers: The landscape is changing	Balance transfers are valuable tools, but the radically changed 2009 landscape means they're trickier and harder to find. 	credit, card, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-steps-for-when-bank-account-seized-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-steps-for-when-bank-account-seized-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When bank accounts are seized, take these 3 steps	You can't stop or reverse the seizure of your bank account to repay outstanding debts, but you can take steps to protect your other assets and rebuild your credit. We'll lay out what you should do.	bank, account, seize, sieze, seizure, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-2008-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-2008-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy filings up 33 percent in 2008	U.S. bankruptcy filings topped 1 million in 2008, according to figures released by the American Bankruptcy Institute.	bankrtuptcy, debt, credit card, american bankruptcy institute
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payments-poll-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payments-poll-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When money is short, credit cards last to get paid, poll finds	A new CreditCards.com poll shows cash-strapped Americans would pay their credit card bills last and mortgage first. Credit card debt is still a taboo topic.	credit card, payments, bills, debt, roper poll, taboo, talk, mortgage, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-educating-kids-on-money-management-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-educating-kids-on-money-management-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Here's how to help young adults with bad credit	Many young adults find themselves in credit card debt with no means or knowledge on how to get themselves out. Here's some advice.	credit card, credit cards, default, collections, money management, young adult, bill pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-to-cancel-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-to-cancel-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 times when it's OK to cancel a credit card	Whether you're telling a joke or canceling a credit card, timing really is everything. These seven signals give the green light to cancel.	credit, card, cancel, when, timing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-risk-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-risk-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you a bankruptcy risk? Enigmatic score may tell lenders	It's a number that lenders may consider when deciding whether to lend you money, but it isn't the well-known credit score. Meet the bankruptcy score, the credit score's mysterious cousin. 	credit, score, bankrupt, bankruptcy, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debt-overtakes-young-family-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debt-overtakes-young-family-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when you're sinking in debt	When you're behind on your mortgage and credit card bills, figuring out how to stay afloat may seem impossible, but there are drastic measure you can take to keep from sinking. 	credit card, credit cards, mortgage, delinquent, foreclosure, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-08-bulletin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-08-bulletin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report shows sharp decrease in credit card use	Credit card balances shrank in November, as concern over banks' strict lending standards caused consumers to rein in their spending. 	G.19, consumer, spending, credit card, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-08-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-08-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report shows plunge in credit card use	Credit card balances plunged in November, as consumers strongly reined in their borrowing.	G.19, consumer, spending, credit card, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-bad-credit-card-habits-to-break-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-bad-credit-card-habits-to-break-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 bad credit card habits to break now	Just about everyone has a few destructive habits to break -- and when it comes to credit, the sooner you replace them with more positive behaviors, the more money you'll save.	credit card, credit cards, bad habits, APR, credit limits, balance transfers, cash advances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/men-women-gender-sexes-handle-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/men-women-gender-sexes-handle-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways the sexes handle credit differently	Think you and your partner whip out the credit cards for different reasons? What about debt repayment -- is there a difference between the sexes? The answers may surprise you.	credit, credit card, bankruptcy, credit counseling, loans, shopping, gender, different, differences, sexes, men, women
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Used wisely, small-business cards can keep business afloat	Credit cards can be a convenient source of cash for anyone, but for business owners, the stakes are often higher since credit cards can help small businesses stay afloat	credit card, credit cards, small business credit card, over-the-limit, business owners, entreprenuers, late fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-of-the-distant-future-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-of-the-distant-future-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What will credit cards look like in 25, 50 or 100 years?	Your future in cards will probably not include plastic, experts say.	future, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-credit-card-myths-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-credit-card-myths-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 credit card myths debunked	We've all heard them, and we've probably believed more than a few. But living by a credit card myth can cost you in fees and hurt your credit rating. Here are seven of the most pervasive credit card myths to watch out for.	credit cards, urban legends, myths
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-cards-data-privacy-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/contactless-credit-cards-data-privacy-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Contactless' credit cards spark concerns for data privacy	The credit-card swiper you now use at the checkout counter may eventually be obsolete, but privacy advocates question whether cotactless cards are more for convenience and less about keeping customers' data safely protected.	credit cards, contactless, no-swipe, fraud, privacy, safety
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-tips-talking-to-elderly-parents-about-credit-card-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-tips-talking-to-elderly-parents-about-credit-card-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 tips for talking to elderly parents about credit card debt	As parents age, many of their children have to get more involved in their finances. We look at when, why and how to step in, how to handle problems that broaching the topic might create, and how to handle the relationship on an ongoing basis once you're i	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refund-anticipation-loans-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refund-anticipation-loans-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't take the refund anticipation loan bait	Refund anticipation loans continue to lure consumers -- even though they come with a hefty fees and surcharges.	refund, anticipation, loans, RALs, refund, taxes, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-4-steps-cleaning-up-family-members-ID-theft-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-4-steps-cleaning-up-family-members-ID-theft-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When hit by ID theft, take these 4 steps to make things right	It's awful to have to start your credit life by cleaning up a mess that you didn't make. The good news, though, is that you definitely can clean it up. 	credit scores, identity theft, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-holiday-spending-less-pleasant-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-holiday-spending-less-pleasant-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: 2 in 5 found holiday shopping less pleasant this year	A new CreditCards.com poll shows two out of five Americans report less pleasant holiday shopping than last year.	holiday, shopping, creditcards.com poll
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-hospice-patient-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-hospice-patient-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep debt collectors at bay	No matter what your circumstances, you have the legal right to ask collectors to stop harassment	hospice, credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, collectors, collections, cease-and-desist
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-reintroduced-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-reintroduced-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lawmakers will try a second time on credit card legislation	Two New York Congress members are reintroducing the Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights. Will the second time around be a winner for credit card practices law?	credit card, credit cardholders' bill of rights, federal reserve, congress, carolyn maloney, chuck charles schumer 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-for-choosing-savings-money-club-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-tips-for-choosing-savings-money-club-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for choosing a money club	Looking at joining an existing money club? Here are six factors to consider to make the best match.	6, six, questions, factors, savings, money, club
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/more-americans-get-free-fico-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/more-americans-get-free-fico-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More Americans getting free FICO scores	Fair Isaac inks deal to let credit union members see once-secret score at no charge.	free, fico, credit, score, Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union, PSECU, Fair Isaac
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charging-mortgages-idea-fails-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charging-mortgages-idea-fails-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House of cards: Charging mortgages idea fails	Charging your mortgage may not bet the wisest financial decision, but that didn't stop several companies from trying to get you to do it. 	mortgage, ChargeSmart, credit cards, credit card, rewards, credit card rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unlawful-internet-gambling-enforcement-act-credit-card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unlawful-internet-gambling-enforcement-act-credit-card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New Internet gambling regulations go into effect 	New federal regulations take effect Jan. 19, 2009, that require credit card issuers to enforce a bewildering set of federal regulations aimed at stopping online gambling. 	UIGEA, unlawful, internet, gambling, act, regulations, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-big-is-online-gambling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-big-is-online-gambling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Online gambling a multibillion dollar industry	Internet gambling started around 1995 and has grown into a multibillion dollar industry.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-steps-identity-theft-fraud-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-steps-identity-theft-fraud-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to check for, fix ID theft or fraud	You can opt out of unwanted mail solicitations, but a sudden flurry could be a hint that new credit has been opened in your name.	ID, theft, identity, fraud, Ossenfort, mail, credit, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-consumers-new-years-debt-resolutions-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-consumers-new-years-debt-resolutions-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: 1 in 3 resolve to slash debt this year	About 1 in 3 consumers resolved to reduce their debt in 2009, based on New Year's resolutions outlined in a new poll from CreditCards.com. Still, Americans are more committed to spending time with family and losing weight than erasing their debt.	credit cards, debt, poll, resolution, weight loss, quality time
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-amelia-warren-tyagi-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-amelia-warren-tyagi-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&amp;A with credit card and debt expert Amelia Warren Tyagi	Why aren't credit card contracts tested for product safety just like toasters? That's exactly the sort of fundamental common sense asked by author and debt expert Amelia Warren Tyagi.	Amelia Warren Tyagi, credit, debt, toasters, interview
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-does-where-you-shop-impact-your-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-does-where-you-shop-impact-your-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Too much fast food can be hazardous to your credit	No, where you eat doesn't have an impact on your credit score, but that's not the full story. While paying plastic for that Big Mac won't hurt your credit score, it might just make issuers think that you're a credit risk.	credit reports, credit score, risk, fast food, MCC, Big Mac, Whopper
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-plan-estate-plan-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-plan-estate-plan-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Couples should debt plan when estate planning	Avoid headaches for surviving spouses by taking responsibility for debt balances into estate planning.   	credit card, credit cards, debt plan, estate plan, surviving spouse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-65000-cash-advance-for-friend-turns-sour-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-65000-cash-advance-for-friend-turns-sour-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	$65,000 cash advance for friend goes unpaid	When helping someone out financially, a good rule of thumb to consider is if the assistance would immediately or in the future cause havoc with your own personal finances. 	cash advance, loan, unpaid loan, credit counselor, credit card issuer, credit union
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-bankruptcies-surge-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-bankruptcies-surge-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies surge in 2008, passing 1 million mark again	Personal bankruptcies surged to more than 1 million filings in the United States in 2008 -- the most since a rewrite of bankruptcy laws took effect in 2005.	bankruptcy, bankruptcies, filings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-IRS-on-canceled-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-IRS-on-canceled-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceled debts will lead to IRS tax	When collectors discharge old debts, they will report that to the IRS as income to you, leaving you with what could be a hefty tax bill.	IRS, credit card, credit card debt, statutes of limitation, Form 1099-C
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-comparison-chart-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-card-comparison-chart-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Small-business credit card comparison chart	Credit cards are among the biggest source of financing for small-business owners. This chart compares the rewards, rates and fees of the top small-business credit cards	credit card, credit cards, small business credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-reasons-you-should-get-a-department-store-credit-card-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-reasons-you-should-get-a-department-store-credit-card-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 reasons you should get a department store credit card	Often (and justly) maligned, retail store cards sometimes can help.	department, store, credit, card, interest, rate, bad credit, build, private label
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-to-avoid-phishing-scams-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-to-avoid-phishing-scams-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't take the bait when you receive a 'phishing' e-mail	Legitimate companies don't ask for your private, personal information via e-mail. Don't let a logo lure you into a 'phishing' scam or in can cost you.	phishing, credit cards, id theft, e-mails, fraud, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-financial-medical-tragedies-occur-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-financial-medical-tragedies-occur-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When medical problems hit, bankruptcy can make sense 	Bankruptcy laws were created for catastrophic situations, not for carelessness. However, filing should be done only when other options have been considered.	credit card, credit cards, catastrophe, cancer, debt, IRS, late fees, interest, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-january-2009-bulletin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-january-2009-bulletin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Out of ammo, Federal Reserve invents new guns	With no room to lower interest rates further, the Federal Reserve today announced plans to instead invent alternate means to prop up the economy.	Federal Reserve, monetary policy, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-ways-to-protect-ID-in-a-data-breach-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-ways-to-protect-ID-in-a-data-breach-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to protect your identity in a data breach	As data breaches become more prolific, it's important to be more proactive in protecting yourself from identity theft.	data breach, credit card, credit cards, Social Security numbers, security, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-ways-to-budget-with-prepaid-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-ways-to-budget-with-prepaid-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 ways to budget with a prepaid card	Living without plastic is hard, but switching to prepaid cards can help you avoid debt and teach you how to live within your means.	credit, credit cards, prepaid cards, budget, allowance, debit, co-branded, mastercard, visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-ira-with-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-ira-with-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When it's OK to fund your IRA with a credit card	As crazy as it sounds, you might consider funding your IRA by using a credit card cash advance. Be warned, however, that this is risky and an option only for a select few. 	credit cards, IRA, taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/laid-off-in-debt-5-steps-to-take-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/laid-off-in-debt-5-steps-to-take-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Laid off and in debt: 5 steps to take now	Millions of Americans are now without jobs, and many most likely carry credit card debt. Here are steps to take immediately to protect your credit.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, forbearance, debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-january-2009-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-january-2009-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unable to cut rates, Fed seeks new economy-boosting tools	Unable to lower interest rates further, the Federal Reserve today announced plans to instead use other means to kick-start a stalled economy.	Federal Reserve, monetary policy, economy, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-income-down-bills-up-credit-counseling-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-income-down-bills-up-credit-counseling-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Income down, bills up. Time for credit counseling?	When faced with spiraling debt, seeking advice from an accredited debt counselor will help you consider your options.	credit card, credit cards, debt, credit counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fair-isaac-rolls-out-revised-fico-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fair-isaac-rolls-out-revised-fico-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Long-awaited credit scoring revisions unveiled	The rollout of the long-awaited update to Fair Isaac's popular FICO credit scoring model was finally announced today, but it will likely take some before the changes have a real impact.	FICO score, credit scores, credit reports, Fair Isaac, lending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-q4-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2008-q4-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Banks continue to tighten lending standards	Banks remain hesitant to extend credit to consumer borrowers, according to the results of the fourth-quarter 2008 Federal Reserve survey of senior loan officers.	quarterly loan officers survey, federal reserve, consumer lending, borrowing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tokenization-to-fight-credit-card-id-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tokenization-to-fight-credit-card-id-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Tokenization' touted to increase credit card data security	Rather than spend more making credit card data hackproof, a new concept would prevent ID theft by never having merchants store the data in the first place.	data, merchants, credit, card, numbers, token, tokenization
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-5-tips-for-protecting-credit-during-marriage-breakup-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-5-tips-for-protecting-credit-during-marriage-breakup-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 tips for protecting your credit during marriage breakup	Marriage breakups are messy, messy things. However, taking these five steps can help you protect your credit during this trying time.	credit report, debt, divorce, separation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/health-payment-credit-options-for-medical-bills-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/health-payment-credit-options-for-medical-bills-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit crunch may be squeezing health care payment plans	As the credit crunch deepens, using credit cards to pay for health and medical expenses may no longer be an option.	health care, medical bills, credit card, debit card, health savings account, high deductible, health care insurance, medical debt, doctor's bill, hospital bill, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-dealing-with-debt-collectors-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-dealing-with-debt-collectors-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lessons in paying off delinquent debt	Settling an old debt won't necessarily improve your credit score, but it can free you of the collection process and to know that you made good on your obligation	credit score, debt collector, debt collection, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-delinquencies-record-high-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-delinquencies-record-high-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Report: Credit card late payments hit record high	Fitch Ratings reports that the recession is taking its toll on credit cardholders, as a record number of them pay their bills late.	credit, card, late, payment, delinquencies, chargeoff
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-forbearance-programs.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-forbearance-programs.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card forbearance programs offer reprieve from debt	Major credit card issuers' programs that allow temporary relief for overstretched cardholders are busier than ever, and some of the issuers are improving them.	Forbearance, credit, card, debt, reprieve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-fico-scores-may-no-longer-be-available-to-consumers-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-fico-scores-may-no-longer-be-available-to-consumers-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Experian FICO score may soon be off-limits to consumers	Come Valentine's Day, you will likely lose access to your FICO score from credit bureau Experian, even though lenders will continue to use that score to make decisions about your credit. 	experian, fico score, credit score, credit report, lending, transunion, equifax
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-videos-archive-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-videos-archive-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Archive of credit card videos from CreditCards.com	A complete library of video clips from CreditCards.com filled with helpful, practical tips to make you more knowledgeable about credit cards -- from rewards credit cards and student credit cards to identity theft and debt prevention. 	video, credit cards, rewards cards, student cards, debt, identity theft, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debt-collectors-fees-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-debt-collectors-fees-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to avoid debt collectors' fees	Debt collectors often try to tack on a separate fee to your debt, which is governed by law and has to be reasonable.	debt, debt collectors, debt collection sample letters
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/direct-mail-credit-card-offers-plunge-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/direct-mail-credit-card-offers-plunge-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Direct mail credit card offers plummeted in 2008	Those offers that did go out went mainly to the wealthy, according to Mintel Comperemedia research. 	mail, junk, offer, direct, mintel, comperemedia
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-08-bulletin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-08-bulletin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report shows sharp drop in credit card use	Consumers sharply reduced their credit card balances in December, according to monthly data from the Federal Reserve, as borrowers paid for fewer expenses with plastic.	consumer credit, G.19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-08-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-08-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card use drops sharply again in December	Consumers sharply reduced their credit card balances in December, according to monthly data from the Federal Reserve, as even the holidays weren't enough to drive spending on plastic.	consumer credit, G.19, credit cards, Federal Reserve, revolving credit, nonrevolving credit, auto, lending, borrowing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-cancelling-cards-to-boost-my-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-cancelling-cards-to-boost-my-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consider these factors when deciding to cancel credit cards	A reader with 11 credit cards wants to know how cancelling several of her cards will impact her credit score.	credit cards, FICO scores, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-joe-hallinhan-why-we-make-mistakes-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-joe-hallinhan-why-we-make-mistakes-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&amp;A: Author Joe Hallinan on financial goofs	Research shows that when confronted with several credit card offers, most of us choose the wrong one: We'll bite at the attractive teaser rate rather than the best overall terms. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-rewards-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-rewards-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Where some of the best rewards cards can be found	Despite an overall tightening of credit, some credit card issuers are actually sweetening reward offers.	credit, card, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-reward-cards-details-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-reward-cards-details-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chart: Compare some of the best rewards cards	Details of the offers from some of the best rewards cards	chart, best, rewards, cards, compare
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-off-old-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-off-old-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to take to pay off old debt	Your credit report may not reveal all past debts, but contacting creditors may restart the clock on the statute of limitations.	credit, creditors, credit report, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-your-opt-out-rights-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-your-opt-out-rights-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Not all issuers allow you to opt out of rate increases	When hit with a sudden increase to your APR, most card companies allow you to opt out, keep the old rate and pay off the balance, but not all are so kind.	credit card, credit cards, American Express, opt out, rate increase, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-to-lose-access-to-Experian-FICO-score-update-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-to-lose-access-to-Experian-FICO-score-update-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers lose access to major credit score	Consumers have lost access to a key version of the credit score many banks use to make lending decisions. 	Experian, credit scores, FICO, Fair Isaac
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-fed-consumer-finances-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-fed-consumer-finances-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed study puts average credit card balances at $7,300 in '07	The Federal Reserve released its triennial look at Americans' finances. Seven in 10 households have credit cards, but nearly half carry balances each month	credit card, revolving balance, carrying balance, federal reserve board, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-cards-health-care-expenses-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-cards-health-care-expenses-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is there a health care debit card in your future?	Despite initial excitement over use and convenience of debit cards for medical expenses, the payment cards have been slow to catch on.	medical bill payment, debit card, prepaid card, fsa, hsa, flexible spending account, health savings account, health reimbursement account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authors-debt-reaffirmation-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authors-debt-reaffirmation-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authors explain how to duck debt reaffirmation traps	When seeking bankruptcy protection, some unwary consumers may be cajoled or outright conned by their creditors into remaining on the hook for a car loan or home mortgage through a process known as reaffirmation.	authors, book, debt, reaffirmation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-minors-credit-card-contracts-debt-responsibility-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-minors-credit-card-contracts-debt-responsibility-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minor's credit card contract raises legal, ethical questions	A credit card contract with 17-year-old is likely not enforceable -- with some exceptions. However, continuing to run up debt on that card raises some tricky moral and ethical questions.	credit card, debt, minor, contracts, emancipated, law, legal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/switching-credit-cards-gets-harder-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/switching-credit-cards-gets-harder-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	For some, switching credit cards gets harder	If you don't like your credit card, just get a new one, right? Not so easy any more.	cancel, credit, card, switch, issuer, credit card company, interest, rate, increased, change, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-irs-credit-card-frequent-flier-taxable-rewards-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-irs-credit-card-frequent-flier-taxable-rewards-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the IRS treats frequent flier credit card rewards	When cashing in frequent flier miles, it's important to know whether the IRS considers them gifts or taxable income	credit card, credit cards, frequent, flier, flyer, programs, IRS, gifts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-offer-tools-to-aid-educate-borrowers-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-offer-tools-to-aid-educate-borrowers-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuers offer new tools to aid, educate credit cardholders	The lending industry may have played a major role in leading us into the current financial crisis, but when it comes to consumers' personal finances, credit card issuers want you to know they are here to help.	credit cards, help, education, basics, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Bank of America, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-limits-credit-scores-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-limits-credit-scores-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep credit scores up when card limits are slashed	With credit card issuers slashing cardholders' available credit, keeping balances down can help maintain a good credit score	credit card, credit cards, credit card issuer, credit limit, credit ratio, available credit, credit score, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-selling-jewels-to-pay-off-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-selling-jewels-to-pay-off-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Exercise caution when selling jewelry to pay down debt	Selling off jewelry to pay down credit card debt can be a good idea -- as long as you don't get ripped off	credit card, credit card debt, jewelry, paying down debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/switching-credit-cards-gets-harder-example-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/switching-credit-cards-gets-harder-example-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Example shows switching credit cards has become costly	We took some typical prices of cards and fees in the credit card marketplace of early 2009 and find that for the credit card shopper who fits the average, the cost is ... 	switch, credit, card, chart, cost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-biometric-technology-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-biometric-technology-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card biometrics: The future of data security	Credit cards with biometric security features may no longer be the stuff of spy movies, but a mainstream alternative to sloppy signatures and forgotten passwords.  	credit card, credit cards, biometrics, credit card technology, voice recognition, fingerprint authorization
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/iphone-credit-card-processing-application-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/iphone-credit-card-processing-application-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Trial version of iPhone credit card processing app available	iPhone users’ wait for ProcessAway, an application that can turn their mobile device into a handheld credit card terminal, just got a little shorter.	credit card, credit cards, iPhone, Apple, hand-held credit card processing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/calling-dick-tracy-new-credit-card-watch-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/calling-dick-tracy-new-credit-card-watch-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Calling Dick Tracy: Credit card watches debut	The wristwatch-credit card combo is fashionable, keeps good time and has a $10,000 credit limit.	wristwatch, watch, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/walmart-lowers-prepaid-card-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/walmart-lowers-prepaid-card-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wal-Mart cuts its prepaid MoneyCard fees	In a move to capture a larger share of the prepaid card market, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced it is cutting the price of its MoneyCard.	WalMart, Wal-Mart, prepaid cards, prepaid card fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-difference-between-visa-mastercard-american-express-discover-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-difference-between-visa-mastercard-american-express-discover-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How different are Visa, AmEx, MasterCard and Discover?	A reader looking for their first credit card wants to know the differences among Visa, American Express, MasterCard and Discover.	credit cards, help, Visa, American Express, MasterCard, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-experts-advice-teens-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-experts-advice-teens-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 finance experts -- and parents -- talk teens and money	We quizzed parents who have financial backgrounds on what money advice they would give to other parents with teens and money situations	teenagers, kids, credit cards, debt card, credit card, ATM card, bank accounts, overdraft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankrupt-retailer-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankrupt-retailer-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do if your retail credit card issuer goes bankrupt	Millions of private label cardholders are seeing retailers go into bankruptcy, or worse, go under. The question then is to whom do you pay, and do you have to pay at all?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blue-credit-card-assists-holocaust-survivors-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blue-credit-card-assists-holocaust-survivors-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit card to assist Holocaust survivors	The new Blue Card Visa affinity credit card can be used by consumers to provide care for Holocaust survivors. 	Blue Card, credit card, Holocaust, affinity program
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/target-reports-credit-card-delinquency-loss-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/target-reports-credit-card-delinquency-loss-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Target profits plunge following credit card losses	Target Corp. reports a 41 percent decrease in fourth-quarter profit, attributing the loss to a drop-off in retail sales and credit card delinquency.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-first-credit-card.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-first-credit-card.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know for first-time card users	Ready for your first credit card? Before you start charging, here are credit card terms that will help you become a responsible credit card user.	credit card, credit cards, APR, finance charge, minimum payment, grace period, annual fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-commercial-credit-cards-not-covered-by-regulations-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-commercial-credit-cards-not-covered-by-regulations-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New Fed rules don't cover business, corporate credit cards	New credit card rules approved by federal regulators in December 2008 give greater protections to consumers and families with credit cards -- but not to corporate or small business cardholders.	small, business, credit, card, cards, regulation, rules, Federal Reserve, corporate, military
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-programs-going-strong-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-programs-going-strong-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debunking myths about frequent flier programs	Even with flights being cut back, now is the time to redeem your frequent flier miles. Competition for once-rare seats has lessened and airlines have made it easier to comparison shop. 	rewards programs, credit card, frequent flier miles, credit card rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/withholding-credit-card-payments-doesnt-help-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/withholding-credit-card-payments-doesnt-help-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mad at your credit card issuer? You still have to pay	Mad at your credit card issuer? While you may resent having to pay that bill, choosing not to pay it will hurt you even more.	credit card, credit card bills, credit card issuer, interest fees, late payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-get-most-from-rewards-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-get-most-from-rewards-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Getting the most from rewards cards	Want to get the most out of that rewards credit card but aren't sure how to do it? Credit counseling expert Gail Cunningham shares practical tips to help you do just that.  	credit cards, rewards, credit counseling, debt, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-debt-warning-signs-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-debt-warning-signs-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Credit card debt warning signs	A credit counseling expert discusses signs that might indicate you're in trouble with credit card debt.  	credit cards, debt, warning signs, help, tips, credit counseling, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-6-tips-protecting-yourself-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-6-tips-protecting-yourself-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: 6 tips to protect yourself from ID theft	Identity theft is a huge problem these days. Gail Cunningham, spokeswoman for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling, offers helpful, practical tips to keep yourself safe. 	identity theft, fraud, credit cards, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-holiday-shopping-tips-1268.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-holiday-shopping-tips-1268.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Holiday shopping tips	As the holidays approach, there are many ways consumers can prepare for shopping. Before hitting the malls, beware of debt regret, don't forget buying options such as layaway and make sure you call your credit card company to find out what warranties you 	holidays, shopping, credit cards, video, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-annual-list-top-20-consumer-complaints-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-annual-list-top-20-consumer-complaints-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ID theft, debt collection top list of consumer complaints	In the Federal Trade Commission's 2008 compilation of consumer gripes, ID Theft ran first for the ninth straight year, and complaints about credit cards jumped into the top 20.	credit card, FTC, consumer, complaints, ID theft, identity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-urges-fair-debt-collection-practices-act-changes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-urges-fair-debt-collection-practices-act-changes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC urges changes to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act	The FTC announces in a Feb. 26, 2009, report that the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act be updated to reflect changes in technology and to improve consumer protections.	debt collections, FDCPA, FTC, Federal Trade Commission, cell phones
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-to-know-when-in-debt.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-to-know-when-in-debt.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know when you're in debt	Experts advise to always pay off your balance, don't spend more than you have and keep your credit balance well below 50 percent of your available credit.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-home-purchase.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-home-purchase.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know when buying a house	When buying your first home, have a good credit history can save you thousands in mortgage interest costs.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-for-bankruptcy.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-for-bankruptcy.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know for bankruptcy	Experts will tell you that bankruptcy should be a last resort after all other avenues to repay your debt have been exhausted.	Chapter 7, Chapter 11, Chapter 13, default, collection, prepaid card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-student-credit.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-student-credit.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know for students	Before your child heads off to college, make sure you sit down and talk about financial responsibility, budgets and how credit cards should, and shouldn't, be used.	credit card, credit cards, prepaid cards, credit history, credit report, piggybacking, authorized user, joint account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-for-identity-theft.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-for-identity-theft.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know for identity theft	The most proactive step consumers can take to detect fraud is to monitor closely their bank and credit card statements.	credit card, credit cards, identity theft, ID theft, credit freeze, chargeback
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-for-marriage.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-for-marriage.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know for when you marry	Getting married is more than combining kitchen appliances, it's also combining finances.	credit card, credit cards, co-signer, authorized user, joint credit, joint account, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-ruins-retirement-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-ruins-retirement-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When credit card debt ruins retirement	When credit card debt dulls the glow of your golden years, you have options: reverse mortgages, bankruptcy or credit counseling.	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, retirement, Social Security, pension, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-reports-rising-charge-offs-in-january-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-reports-rising-charge-offs-in-january-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charge-offs hit record high in January	Banks increasingly abandoned their attempts to collect money from delinquent credit cardholders in January, according to research and risk analysis firm Moody's. 	charge-offs, Moody's, delinquencies, credit cards, payments, bankruptcies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-releases-talf-funds-to-revive-lending-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-releases-talf-funds-to-revive-lending-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	$200 billion in 'TALF' funds ready for release	Loans for credit cards may soon be a little easier to get as $200 billion in the TALF program will be injected into the frozen lending sectors.	credit cards, securities, asset-backed securities, ABS, TALF
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aca-proposes-bankruptcy-collection-law-reform-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aca-proposes-bankruptcy-collection-law-reform-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ACA proposes changes to debt collection law	The responsibility of notifying creditors they have filed for bankruptcy should be more in the hands of consumers, according to the Association of Credit and Collection Professionals. 	bankruptcy, debt, collector, ACA, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-videos-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-videos-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card videos from CreditCards.com	The latest additions to CreditCards.com's library of video clips are filled with helpful, practical tips to make you more knowledgeable about credit cards -- from rewards credit cards and student credit cards to identity theft and debt prevention. 	credit cards, rewards cards, debt, identity theft, fraud, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-debt-collectors-say-lets-make-a-deal-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-debt-collectors-say-lets-make-a-deal-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Debt collectors now more willing to deal	You'd think that debt collection would be booming these days, but even debt collectors are having trouble. They're more willing to cut deals, accept alternate payment plans. 	credit cards, debt collectors, bankruptcy, payments, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-amex-lumping-good-bad-customers-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-amex-lumping-good-bad-customers-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Good credit cardholders lumped in with bad	Banks are pulling back more than ever before to limit the amount of risk they have, so even perfect payment clients are compromised	American Express, credit card, credit cards, credit limit, credit card issuer, credit bureaus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-how-to-get-the-most-bonus-airline-miles-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-how-to-get-the-most-bonus-airline-miles-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to find the best airline rewards bonus miles deal 	In the market for a new rewards card? Make sure you scour Google to make sure you get the best bonus miles deal out there.	credit card, credit cards, airline rewards cards, frequent flier programs, bonus miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-minimum-payments-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-minimum-payments-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tiny payments don't keep creditors away	Contrary to urban legend, making a small payment won't keep the creditors away; you have to pay at least the minimum payment.	credit card, credit cards, credit limit, over the limit, interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-slogan-more-people-go-with-visa-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-slogan-more-people-go-with-visa-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New Visa slogan debuts on 'American Idol' tonight	Visa kicks off a new global advertising campaign that is geared more toward living in the moment rather than paying for it later.	Visa, global, advertising, more people go with Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-unusual-items-hurt-credit-reports-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-unusual-items-hurt-credit-reports-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Unusual items on your credit report	CreditCards.com's Jeremy Simon talks about how unexpected items such as library fines, cell phone bills and speeding tickets can appear on your credit report and hurt your credit score.	credit report, credit score, credit repair, library, cell phone, iPhone, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-preparing-your-finances-for-disaster-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-preparing-your-finances-for-disaster-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Preparing your finances for disaster	Hurricanes, floods, tornadoes and wildfires can happen when you least expect it. Prepare your finances before the storm hits. 	credit cards, disaster, preparation, hurricane, flood, tornado, earthquake, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-sharing-credit-cards-causes-big-problems-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-sharing-credit-cards-causes-big-problems-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: The perils of sharing a credit card	Connie Prater, senior writer at CreditCards.com, talks about the results of the 2008 Taking Charge survey, focusing on sharing credit cards.	credit card, taking charge survey, statistics, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-student-credit-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-student-credit-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: A look at student credit cards	CreditCards.com editors Dan Ray and Connie Prater talk about student credit cards.	student credit cards, debt, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-basics-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-basics-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: The basics	College students discuss their understanding of basic credit card terms - APR, Interest Rate, what happens if you miss a payment and how long it would take to pay off a purchase. 	credit cards, help, basics, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-cards-rewards-incentives-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-cards-rewards-incentives-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Credit card rewards and incentives	College students discuss credit card rewards programs including airline miles, free pizza, cash back offers, percentage off purchase, and more.	credit cards, rewards, incentives, college, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-benefits-owning-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-benefits-owning-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Benefits of having a credit card	College students discuss the benefits of owning a credit card, including convenience, as a backup source of money and for dealing with emergencies.	credit cards, college students, debt, credit card videos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulators-monitor-credit-card-practices-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/regulators-monitor-credit-card-practices-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers beware: Feds will be watching	Federal regulators will use federal law against unfair or deceptive trade practices to judge future credit card practices.	fdic, ftc, unfair, deceptive, credit card, regulations, state chartered banks, banks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-recover-fraud-losses-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-recover-fraud-losses-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fraud victims more likely to recover losses	Five percent of Americans were victims of financial fraud in 2008, but those who had money stolen from credit and debit cards were more likely to recover their losses.	credit card, credit cards, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-teams-with-myspace-for-rewards-program-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-teams-with-myspace-for-rewards-program-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi teams with MySpace for unique rewards program	Cardholders of the new Citi Forward by MySpace will be able to earn rewards by helping their communities.	credit card, credit cards, Citi, MySpace, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-09-bulletin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-09-bulletin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances jump in January, Fed says	Credit card balances rose in January, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve, as consumers had difficulty paying down debt in a troubled economy. 	consumer credit, G.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-09-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-09-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances jump as economic woes deepen	Credit card balances rose in January, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve, as workers saved their incomes and the unemployed were forced to live on plastic.	consumer credit, G.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/options-when-facing-credit-card-interest-rate-increase-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/options-when-facing-credit-card-interest-rate-increase-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options when facing a credit card interest rate increase	Credit card issuers can jack up your interest rate at any time, for any reason, and increases are tougher to duck than before.	credit cards, credit crunch, rate increase, APR, average, percentage, rate, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-starting-credit-history-economic-crisis-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-starting-credit-history-economic-crisis-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Starting a credit history amid an economic crisis: 7 tips	In today's rocky economy, those seeking credit for the first time must adopt new strategies, think creatively.	credit cards, credit history, first, time, strategies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-credit-card-delinquency-statistics-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-credit-card-delinquency-statistics-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card delinquencies fell year to year, TransUnion says	Although recent data showed an annual decline in credit card delinquencies during late 2008, that trend is likely already over. 	credit card, delinquencies, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-utilization-ratio-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-utilization-ratio-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: What is a credit utilization ratio?	A finance expert explains what a credit utilization ratio is and how it affects your credit score.	credit utilization ratio, available credit, credit limits, credit crunch
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/peterson-tracking-reward-program-changes-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/peterson-tracking-reward-program-changes-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tracking rewards program changes before they happen	Credit card rewards programs change all the time, but if you keep on top of things and are flexible, you can cash in those miles or rewards before you lose them.	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, frequent flier miles, Citi ThankYou, Delta SkyMiles, American Express, Capital One
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-building-credit-new-citizens-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-building-credit-new-citizens-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New citizen tips for building good credit	Part of the process in becoming an established U.S. citizen is to start building a solid credit history.	credit card, credit cards, credit history, U.S. citizen, passbook savings, VantageScore, FICO score, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-prepaid-suntanning-sessions-gone-bad-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-prepaid-suntanning-sessions-gone-bad-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What happens to prepaid cards when a business is sold?	Most business owners follow both logic and good business sense and honor prepaid cards. Sometimes, however, you run into someone who doesn't. 	prepaid cards, suntan booths, Visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-study-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-study-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study portrays credit card binding arbitration as fair	Northwestern University School of Law's Searle Civil Justice Institute's study says arbitration -- at least as practiced by the one group that was studied -- is fair to credit card users.	Searle, binding, arbitration, credit, card, survey, study, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-changing-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-terms-changing-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card users beware: Terms, they are a-changing	Have you read your credit card terms lately? Many credit card issuers are rolling out new fees, slashing rewards points and hiking existing fees and interest rates -- even for good customers.	credit card, interest rates, banks, credit card company, fees, rewards points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-rewards-points-taxable-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-rewards-points-taxable-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are credit card rewards taxable? Probably not, but ... 	The IRS has indicated that it does not presently view rewards such as frequent flier miles as income, and therefore they're not taxable.	frequent, flier, flyer, rewards, IRS, taxable, points, income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-piggybacking-kids-to-good-credit-scores-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-piggybacking-kids-to-good-credit-scores-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Giving your kids a jump start on their credit	By adding your child as an authorized user on your credit account, you'll be giving your kid a leg up -- provided your credit is good.	credit card, credit cards, credit score, FICO, authorized user, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-credit-card-bills-laid-off-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-credit-card-bills-laid-off-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to handle credit card bills when pink slip looms	For those who are struggling to make credit card payments now or will if they lose their jobs, rising interest rates could present a real problem -- but there is help.	credit card, credit counselor, credit cards, laid off, in debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-defaults-reach-20-year-high-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-defaults-reach-20-year-high-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. credit card defaults reach 20-year high	Credit card defaults -- the failure to make a payment on a debt by the due date -- sprouted in February to a 20-year-high.	credit card defaults, charge offs, charge off rate, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-survey-finds-most-common-id-theft-victims-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-survey-finds-most-common-id-theft-victims-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New survey finds most common ID theft victims	The most common identity theft victims are middle-aged married females, divorcees, or those who make more than $75,000 a year, according to a December 2008 survey released by Nationwide Insurance.	credit cards, ID theft, Nationwide, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/usbank-and-aeromexico-partner-for-freq-flyer-program-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/usbank-and-aeromexico-partner-for-freq-flyer-program-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. Bank, AeroMexico forge airline rewards partnership	U.S. Bank has partnered with Mexico City-based AeroMexico to offer a frequent flier program through the AeroMexico Visa and AeroMexico Visa Signature credit card. 	rewards card, credit cards, airline rewards, frequent flier programs,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-charges-seven-credit-repair-companies-deceit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-charges-seven-credit-repair-companies-deceit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC charges seven credit repair companies with deceit 	The Federal Trade Commission filed a complaint today with the U.S. District Court of New Jersey accusing seven companies and their principals of violating federal law by falsely promising to erase all negative information from a consumer's credit report.	ftc, credit, repair, report, score, mislead, false, information, negative, remove
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-chart-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-chart-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rates: interactive graphic on APR changes	Since coming under financial and regulatory pressure, credit card issuing banks have stopped passing along rate cuts from the Federal Reserve, CreditCards.com data show	credit, card, rates, interest, apr, historic, low interest, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-tips-frequent-flier-miles-expire-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-tips-frequent-flier-miles-expire-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tricks and tips to keep frequent flier miles from expiring	You don't have to book a ticket to keep your frequent flier miles from expiring -- you just have to shop.	American, Airlines, frequent, flier, programs, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-march-2009-bulletin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-march-2009-bulletin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Latest Fed moves won't have much impact on cardholders	Unable to further reduce interest rates, the Federal Reserve's latest meeting focused on other tools to encourage borrowing and, in turn support a weak economy.	Federal Reserve, monetary policy, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-debt-file-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-debt-file-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 grandchildren + $100,000 in card debt = bankruptcy?	Even though bankruptcy may seem like the answer to clean the debt slate, if you don't change your situation, it won't help at all.	card, cards, debt, bankruptcy, credit, counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tax-stories-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-tax-stories-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards and your taxes	Are credit card rewards taxable? When should and shouldn't you put taxes on a card? Our tax package answers these questions and more 	credit, card, taxes, liability, rewards, IRS, 401k
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-rights-house-hearing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-rights-house-hearing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House again weighs Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights	Federal legislative would codify pro-consumer card regulations; opponents say it would go into effect so fast it would wreck the system.	Credit, Cardholders, Bill, Rights, Federal, legislation, H.R. 627
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-use-on-rising-as-credit-cards-stutter-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-use-on-rising-as-credit-cards-stutter-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid card use rising as credit cards stutter	As credit cards stumble in a unpredictable economy, three companies are rising stars in the prepaid market.	prepaid cards, green dot, netspend, nfinanse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-irs-payment-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-irs-payment-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stuck with a tax bill? Here are your payment options	If you're one of those who owe and don't have the dough, you may be tempted to pull out a credit card -- but is that the wisest choice? 	credit, card, tax, payments, IRS, loan, fees, options
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-cancel-credit-card-bad-history-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/price-mueller-cancel-credit-card-bad-history-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling an old card with a bad history isn't always smart	Canceling unneeded credit card accounts might seem to be a good idea, but it can be a mistake for your credit score. 	cancelling, credit card, bankruptcy, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-purchase-protection-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-purchase-protection-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't be caught off guard by limited purchase protection	Many assume when we make credit card purchases, the credit card companies will side with us in a dispute. That's not necessarily so.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-receive-bonus-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-receive-bonus-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to receive bonus gift cards	Shop at the right place or time, ask the right questions and a free gift card could be yours.	gift, card, bonus, discount, free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-twitter-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-twitter-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Follow CreditCards.com on Twitter!	CreditCards.com's editorial team is on Twitter. Check out the latest tweets from Tweeter-in-Chief Daniel P. Ray (aka TakingCharge) or any of the other CreditCards.com staffers listed below. We promise to keep you informed and have some fun along the way	twitter, credit cards, payment systems, social networking, social media
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heartland-damages-still-mounting-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heartland-damages-still-mounting-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Heartland data breach damages still mounting	More than two months after the announcement of the Heartland Payment Systems security breach, the processor has continued to draw fire from merchants and issuers.	credit cards, Heartland, breach, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/comment-federal-regulations-automatic-overdraft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/comment-federal-regulations-automatic-overdraft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed invites comments on automatic overdraft programs	The Federal Reserve Board is asking consumers to comment on potential changes to regulations governing banks' controversial automatic overdraft protection programs.	overdraft protection, overdraft fees, Federal Reserve, automatic, enrollment, ATM
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-reasons-carry-credit-card-balance-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-reasons-carry-credit-card-balance-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 cases when it's OK to carry a credit card balance	It's generally unwise to carry a balance, but sometimes the alternatives are worse.	carry, credit, card, balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cancel-credit-card-rate-increase-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cancel-credit-card-rate-increase-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hit with a credit card interest rate increase: Do you cancel?	When hit with a rate increase on your credit card, it's important to weigh several factors when deciding to keep the card or cancel it.	credit, card, rate, increase, APR, credit, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-frequent-flier-miles-deductible-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-frequent-flier-miles-deductible-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using frequent flier miles on a tax-deductible trip	Using frequent flier miles for a tax-deductible business trip? Careful: There are two ways to determine their value.	flier, miles, frequent, fair, market, value, irs, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-cancels-monthly-fee-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-cancels-monthly-fee-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase nixes $10 monthly fees, will credit accounts	Citing 'customer feedback,' Chase Card Services cancels a controversial $10-a-monthly maintenance fee for some 400,000 customers.	chase, monthly, fee, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-authorized-user-joint-account-holder-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-authorized-user-joint-account-holder-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card authorized users, joint account holders differ	The differences are significant between authorized users and joint account holders -- especially in payment responsibilities. 	authorized user, joint account holder, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-reports-score-impact-job-hunt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-reports-score-impact-job-hunt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit can hinder job search, but doesn't always	A reader is concerned that her poor credit -- which went south during her current bout of unemployment -- is wrecking her chances of getting her next job.	credit score, report, job, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-scores-stable-despite-falling-credit-limits-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-scores-stable-despite-falling-credit-limits-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO scores stable despite slashed credit limits, study says	Nearly 20 million consumers had their credit lines reduced or eliminated over a six-month period in 2008 through no fault of their own, but credit scores overall were largely unaffected, according to a recent study by credit scoring giant FICO	FICO, scores, credit, reports, limits
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-attorney-general-claims-chase-fee-victory-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-attorney-general-claims-chase-fee-victory-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cuomo claims victory for Chase fee(asco) 	Chase Card Services insists "customer feedback" -- rather than attorney general or pending lawsuits -- prompted company to rescind $10 fee.	chase, credit card, $10, fee, new york attorney general, chase card services
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-moving.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-glossary-terms-moving.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card glossary terms to know for when you move	Moving is stressful enough without having to worry about your credit, but if you're not careful and don't plan ahead, the opportunities for a move to cause credit chaos can multiply.	moving, credit, card, relocation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/one-out-of-four-id-theft-victims-know-perpetrator-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/one-out-of-four-id-theft-victims-know-perpetrator-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: 28% of ID theft victims know crime source	More than one out of four victims of identity theft know how their personal information fell into the wrong hands. The remaining 72 percent are left wondering just how their identity was compromised	credit cards, credit card, ID theft, data, breach, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-elderly-credit-card-bills-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-elderly-credit-card-bills-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retired, widowed, overcome by credit card debt	Seniors with credit card debt who live just off Social Security may have to make some tough financial decisions in order to live within their income.	seniors, elderly, credit, card, debt, Social Security, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-automatic-overdraft-protection-comment-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-automatic-overdraft-protection-comment-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comment period ends on automatic overdraft protection	Almost 2,000 consumers and financial institutions answered the Federal Reserve's call to voice their opinion on overdraft fees. Consumers want see change; banks want little change if any.	overdraft, fees, protection, federal reserve, regulation e, comments, comment period, automatic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ad-campaign-fights-credit-card-interchange-fees-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ad-campaign-fights-credit-card-interchange-fees-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ad campaign fights credit card interchange fees	American households pay hundreds of dollars a year in hidden credit card fees called interchange fees each year, a practice that a business coalition announced it would fight to eliminate.	credit cards, credit card, interchange fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-basics-debt-settlement-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-basics-debt-settlement-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: The basics of debt settlement	A credit counselor discusses what debt settlement is and how it can help or hurt you. 	debt settlement, bankruptcy, credit cards, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pew-standards-fair-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pew-standards-fair-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Group issues standards for fair credit cards	Raised interest rates on nearly one-quarter of credit cards cost consumers more than $10 billion in 2008, one of the many damages of unfair credit practices the Pew Charitable Trust said it hopes to prevent through a list of standards the company released	credit, card, pew, study, unfair, standards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-canceled-flight-charge-back-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-canceled-flight-charge-back-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceled flight? Want your miles back? Good luck!	A poor flight experience doesn't mean you can dispute the charges on your credit card and get your miles reimbursed. 	credit, card, charge, back, flier, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-stopping-credit-card-checks-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-stopping-credit-card-checks-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Curb credit card convenience check temptation in one easy step	If you never plan to use the blank 'convenience' checks from your credit card company, consider asking your credit card company to stop sending them.	credit, card, credit, card, checks, cash, advance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-joint-credit-separate-scores-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-joint-credit-separate-scores-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Joint accounts: Till debt do you part	Having a joint credit card with your spouse doesn't cause your credit histories to mix. But missing a payment will affect both credit scores	credit, credit card, credit history, joint account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-charge-offs-reach-20-year-high.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-charge-offs-reach-20-year-high.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charge-offs reach 20-year high	Credit card charge-offs hit a 20-year high in February, Moody's reports. The agency blames soaring unemployment numbers, and expects charge-offs to reach double digits this year.	moody's, charge-off, charge off rate, delinquency rate, principal payment rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-rights-house-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-rights-house-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cardholders' Bill of Rights passes 1st legislative  hurdle	The 2009 version of the Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights passes its first legislative hurdle, but quick implementation was stripped out.	credit, cardholders, bill, rights, maloney, house, legislative, card, vote
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fdic-overdue-loans-increase-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fdic-overdue-loans-increase-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FDIC: Overdue loans on the rise	FDIC data show that every state experienced an increase in unpaid loans from 2007 to 2008. Use this graphic to find out how your state performed.	overdue loan, unpaid loan, non accrual loan, fdic, graphic, map
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-plan-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-plan-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers more open to debt deals but fewer qualify	Realizing something's better than nothing, card issuers are OKing more generous debt management plans -- but they're still too costly for many consumers.	DMP, debt, management, plan, credit, card, creditor, counselor, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/extreme-pay-off-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/extreme-pay-off-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Extreme ways to tackle debt	You've given blood, sweat and tears to pay off those credit card bills, but what about your sperm and eggs? In tough times, some consumers see cash offered by participation in medical tests, sperm and egg donation as a viable way to attack card debt.	credit cards, debt, medical experiments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-minimum-payments-negative-amortization-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-minimum-payments-negative-amortization-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minimum payments mean maximum trouble with debt	One reader learns that just making the minimum payments on her credit cards each month can lead to a never-ending debt spiral of negative amortization, where your debt keeps rising even if make payments and stop charging. 	credit cards, minimum payments, negative amortization, debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-teaching-children-financial-responsibility-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-teaching-children-financial-responsibility-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Teaching adult children fiscal responsibility	Co-signing, when done successfully, is like a set of financial training wheels. It should be used only as a temporary measure until the young person is a little less wobbly.	co-sign, truck, loan, financial, training, wheels, credit, responsibility
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-09-bulletin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-09-bulletin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances fall sharply, Fed says	Credit card balances declined in February, according to the latest Federal Reserve data, as consumers avoided making all their purchases on plastic even as mounting job losses curtailed incomes. 	consumer credit, G.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-09-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-09-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card use suffers biggest drop in 31 years	Credit card balances suffered their biggest percentage drop since 1978 in February, according to the latest Federal Reserve data, as consumers responded to the recession by reducing their reliance on plastic.	consumer credit, G.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-health-care-financing-ends-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-health-care-financing-ends-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cap One pulling out of health care financing	Capital One will end its Healthcare Financing program April 10, 2009. The company cites the credit and economic environment. 	capital one, healthcare, health care, financing, doctors, medical, installment loans, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-buy-takes-over-circuit-city-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-buy-takes-over-circuit-city-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best Buy takes over Circuit City cards	Circuit City cardholders will get Best Buy cards in May. Their new cards would have the same account numbers, rates, fees and terms as their old cards. 	Circuit City, Best Buy, credit card, credit cards, credit score, FICO score, dormant accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-cards-divorce-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-cards-divorce-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ex-wife maxes out joint cards: Who pays?	Divorce is at best unpleasant and at worse very painful. Plus, the lingering separation of finances can add to the pain for years.	credit, card, authorized, user, joint, account, holder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/irs-tax-credit-debit-card-fee-deductible-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/irs-tax-credit-debit-card-fee-deductible-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	IRS: You can deduct fee for paying taxes by credit card	New ruling creates a break for paying tax by plastic -- but only for some.	pay, tax, taxes, credit, debit, break, deduction, deductible
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-payment-partner-program-pay-credit-limit.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-payment-partner-program-pay-credit-limit.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi offer: Volunteer for credit limit cut, get a bonus	Citi is the latest credit card issuer to get creative in encouraging customers to make big payments -- or just go away. 	Citi, AmEx, American, Express, credit, card, limit, consumer, payments, minimum
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-americans-biggest-fear-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-americans-biggest-fear-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit card fraud Americans' biggest fear	New data say credit card and debit card fraud is the No. 1 fear of Americans, outweighing those of war, terrorism, computer hacking and epidemics.	credit cards, credit card, ID theft, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-determining-reward-merchandise-value-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-determining-reward-merchandise-value-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Determining value of rewards redemption	While typically not the best value for your rewards points, redeeming for merchandise can be handy when real "money" is more important in your pocket than any amount of miles or point	rewards, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-pay-taxes-irs-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-pay-taxes-irs-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How (and when) to use credit cards to pay taxes 	Going into debt to pay taxes may not be the wisest call in the financial playbook, but some people may not have a choice. Here's how to do it wisely.	taxes, pay, IRS, tax, credit, card, how
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hybrid-credit-prepaid-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hybrid-credit-prepaid-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hybrid credit, prepaid cards may offer crunch relief	Consumers trapped in the credit crunch may soon have another choice when hybrid credit/prepaid card combos become more widespread.	credit, card, prepaid, card, hybrid, Mercator
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-maximize-hotel-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-maximize-hotel-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to maximize hotel rewards 	Hotel reward points can help you get more vacation for your buck this year, especially if you take advantage of loyalty program incentives and partnerships between credit card companies, hotels, airlines and retailers. Here are a few tips.	maximize, hotel, rewards, points, credit, card, program
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-minors-child-teen-savings-accounts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-minors-child-teen-savings-accounts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Encourage children to learn good savings habits	An early interest in saving money is to be commended! It gives children a head start on a lifetime of good financial habits.	credit cards, savings account, debt, banks, issuers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sallie-mae-study-undergraduate-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sallie-mae-study-undergraduate-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Undergrads relying on credit at record levels	With the recession deepening and tuition skyrocketing, college students are looking to their credit cards and amassing debt at record levels, according to a study by Sallie Mae.	sallie mae, undergraduates, college credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-tools-education-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-tools-education-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Organizations launch sites to promote financial literacy	As budgets tighten, bankruptcies mount, and students accrue massive debt, several consumer and banking groups have stepped in to help with new financial educational tools. 	debt, credit card, credit cards, financial literacy, save, student, borrower
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phishing-attacks-increase-research-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phishing-attacks-increase-research-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: 'The war on phishing is far from over'	More consumers were victims of phishing attacks in 2008 -- a 39.8 percent increase from a year earlier -- but the average amount lost decreased, according to a survey conducted by technology research company Gartner.	phishing, identity theft, ID theft, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-lender-help-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-lender-help-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Now's the time to let lenders know you're struggling	Lenders are aware of the issues facing more and more consumers, and have put in place many measures to help -- but they can't help if they don't know you are struggling.	credit, card, lender, forbearance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-deceased-credit-card-charges-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-deceased-credit-card-charges-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who's liable for charges on dead dad's credit card?	An authorized user wonders who's liable for charges on her deceased father's credit card	authorized, user, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-plan-relief-dmp-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-plan-relief-dmp-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top credit card issuers back debt repayment relief program	In partnership with a major consumer credit counseling accrediting agency, 10 of the nation's largest credit card issuers have agreed to provide additional relief to consumers struggling to repay their debts.	credit cards, bankruptcy, debt, debt management, consumer credit, credit counseling,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-increase-rate-jack-attack-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-increase-rate-jack-attack-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to react to a 'rate-jack' attack	The bad news is in. Your credit card issuer has sent a change in term notice of an impending interest rate hike on your account. But you have options.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stolen-information-demand-high-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stolen-information-demand-high-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In bad economy, demand rises among crooks for ID data	In the midst of a struggling economy, the supply, demand and prices for stolen credit card data in the black market remains high, according to a new study.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-atm-hunter-app-iphone-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-atm-hunter-app-iphone-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MasterCard releases 'ATM Hunter' app for iPhone	Search no more! The free ATM Hunter application allows iPhone users to locate the nearest ATM machine.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-citi-aadvantage-program-miles-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-citi-aadvantage-program-miles-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do you lose your miles if you cancel your rewards card?	When canceling a frequent flier credit card, make sure you know how your miles are cached or you just might lose them. 	credit, card, frequent, flier, miles, Citi, Discover, American, Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/coalition-proxy-shareholder-vote-credit-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/coalition-proxy-shareholder-vote-credit-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Coalition takes battle over card practices to the boardroom	Religion-oriented investors, consumer groups file shareholder proposals asking major credit card corporations to examine their own practices and excise any that are predatory.	proxy, shareholder, Citi, Citigroup, JP Morgan, Chase, Bank of America, vote, predatory, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-help-basics-front-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-help-basics-front-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card help	We're featuring highlights from our new section, called Credit Card Help: The Basic Fundamentals of Credit Cards. Our goal is to give you all the information you need to become a smart credit cardholder. 	credit cards, help, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-love-affair-ending-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-love-affair-ending-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is the American love affair with credit cards over?	It's no surprise that many consumers are unhappy with credit card companies, but their unhappiness may lead to long-term behavioral changes	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-keep-cancel-card-after-debt-paid-off-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-keep-cancel-card-after-debt-paid-off-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keep that first credit card after you've paid off your debts	A taste for free food or gifts has lured many a college student into credit card debt. But when that debt is paid off, should you cancel that card or keep it around? 	credit card, debt, pizza
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-helps-nonbank-cardholders-calculate-costs-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-helps-nonbank-cardholders-calculate-costs-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC helps nonbank cardholders figure true cost of credit	Nonbank credit cardholders who want to figure out how long it will take to pay off their credit card balances by only making the minimum payment can now just call the FTC.	credit cards, credit card, bank cards, non-bank cards, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sample-opt-out-interest-rate-letter-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sample-opt-out-interest-rate-letter-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Have you been 'rate-jacked'? Here's a sample opt-out letter	New credit card law requires issuers to give consumers the right to opt out of interest rate increases. This sample opt-out letter will help you decline them.	interest rate, apr, increase, credit card, issuer, hike, opt out, reject, account, credit card law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-improve-your-credit-score-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-improve-your-credit-score-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: How to improve your credit score	CreditCards.com's The Credit Guy, Todd Ossenfort of Pioneer Credit Counseling, explains the basics of a credit score and how to improve it. 	credit score, credit report, credit card videos, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-laid-off-stuck-with-company-card-bill-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-laid-off-stuck-with-company-card-bill-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Laid off, stuck with company credit card bill	If you are an authorized user on your company card, then you aren't responsible for payment, but that might not stop collectors from harassing you for it.	Fair Debt Collections Practices Act, credit, card, debt, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-obama-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-obama-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House committee OKs consumer credit card protections 	On the eve of a key meeting between President Barack Obama and top credit card industry executives, the House Financial Services Committee passes the Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights	credit carholders bill of rights, credit card, consumer protection, unfair, deceptive, barack obama, marilyn maloney
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-cards-expiration-date-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-cards-expiration-date-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why do credit cards have expiration dates?	When your credit card renews, it's important to re-evaluate and renew any automatic payments.	credit, cards, expiration dates, security, expire
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-experts-reveal-credit-cards-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-experts-reveal-credit-cards-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lay down your cards	Personal finance experts reveal which credit cards they use -- and why.	credit, card, reveal, why, use, experts, personal, finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senators-seek-emergency-freeze-credit-card-interest-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senators-seek-emergency-freeze-credit-card-interest-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Senators seek emergency freeze on rate hikes	Sens. Dodd, Schumer want to ban rate increases on credit card balances.	credit, card, rate, increase, hike, emergency, freeze, Dodd, Schumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-trust-affects-credit-card-use-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-trust-affects-credit-card-use-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Consumer trust affects credit card use	According to a recent study by Javelin Strategy & Research, consumers' trust level with their financial institution is tied to often they use their credit card. 	javelin strategy and research, consumer trust, financial institution, Bruce Cundiff, The Importance of Consumer Trust on FI Profitability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-steps-rebuilding-son-daughter-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-steps-rebuilding-son-daughter-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to help rebuild son's or daughter's credit rating	You'd love to cure all your child's credit ailments, but unfortunately, you can't. As a parent, there is only so much you can do. Your real power lies in providing guidance, information, and encouragement.	credit score, credit rating, statute of limitation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carbon-footprint-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carbon-footprint-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's the carbon footprint of your credit card?	A credit card's footprint is roughly the CO2 equivalent of five bank checks, 13 dollar bills -- or the gas to drive a Hummer 150 feet. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nfcc-financial-literacy-survey-09-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nfcc-financial-literacy-survey-09-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Annual survey: 34 million adults pay credit card bills late	More than 58 million Americans admit they don't pay their bills on time, including 34 million who were late paying credit card bills, according to an annual consumer survey.	credit card, debt, financial literacy, national foundation for credit counseling, nfcc, survey, credit score, credit report, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-march-charge-offs-delinquencies-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-march-charge-offs-delinquencies-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charge-offs, delinquencies break records again	Rising unemployment continued to punish credit cardholders last month, according to a new report from Moody's, as both charge-offs and delinquencies reached record highs. 	delinquencies, credit cards, charge-offs, unemployment, Moody's
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/americans-redefining-luxury-items-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/americans-redefining-luxury-items-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Economy forces consumers to redefine luxury, study says	In the midst of a recession, Americans are rethinking the need for items they once saw as necessities, according to a new report from the Pew Research Center.	credit card, credit cards, necessity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-garnish-social-security-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-garnish-social-security-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can Social Security benefits be garnished over card debt?	Be at ease; your Social Security can't be garnished for credit card debt. But you still need to get a budget together.	social, security, benefits, garnish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-april-2009-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-april-2009-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Latest Fed statement offers little relief to credit cardholders	The latest Federal Reserve announcement provided little fresh support to cardholders hoping for a break from higher interest rates and fees.	federal reserve, monetary policy, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-house-09-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-house-09-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House OKs Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights	With strong backing from President Obama, a measure reining in credit card issuers passed the House of Representatives -- and even got stronger along the way.	credit cards, credit cardholders' bill of rights, carolyn maloney, obama, american bankers association, universal default, reforms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-bulletin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cardholders-bill-bulletin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bulletin: House passes Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights	The U.S. House of Representatives again passes tough consumer credit card protections, but this time with presidential backing.	credit cardholders' bill of rights, credit card reform, unfair and deceptive practices, federal reserve, credit cards, carolyn maloney, house of representatives, american bankers association
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/swine-flu-pandemic-banks-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/swine-flu-pandemic-banks-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If pandemic strikes, will banks, credit cards still work?	If the swine flu goes pandemic, will your credit card issuer be ready? If it's not, it could mean empty ATMs, disrupted customer service and other such headaches for consumers. For banks, failure to prepare could mean losses of billions of dollars. 	swine flu, pandemic, credit cards, banks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eco-friendly-green-gift-cards-plastic-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eco-friendly-green-gift-cards-plastic-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Eco-friendly initiatives focus on plastic gift cards	A handful of eco-friendly initiatives are giving new meaning to the term 'green card.'	gift cards, eco-friendly, pvc, plastic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-debit-card-transactions-overtake-credit-cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-debit-card-transactions-overtake-credit-cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa's debit card transactions overtake credit cards	In an economy that is encouraging more thrifty behavior, consumers are turning to their debit cards instead of their credit cards at record levels.	debit, card, credit, card, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-usbank-northwest-airlines-rewards-card-customers-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-usbank-northwest-airlines-rewards-card-customers-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx, U.S. Bank contend for rewards card customers	In the wake of Delta's merger with Northwest Airlines, American Express announced April 27 it will be taking over Northwest's WorldPerks rewards program. Meanwhile, WorldPerks' former provider, U.S. Bank, sought to stay competitive by introducing its own 	amex, american, express, worldperk, skymiles, usbank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2009-q1-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2009-q1-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lending standards keep tightening, Fed says	It didn't get any easier to borrow on credit cards at the start of this year, based on the Federal Reserve's quarterly loan officers' survey released today. 	Federal Reserve, quarterly loan officers survey, credit cards, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/good-credit-history-card-canceled-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/good-credit-history-card-canceled-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Good credit history doesn't go away when card canceled	If your only credit card gets closed, don't worry. That good credit history that you built will live on, even as the card becomes just a memory.	credit card, canceled, credit score, credit history, credit crunch
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-motivate-debt-repayment-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-motivate-debt-repayment-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You can do it! 10 ways to motivate debt repayment	Just seeing the amount of your liabilities can instill a 'Why try? I'll never pay it all off' despair. While high debt can make you feel hopeless, it's not. Effort does produce results. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-best-way-to-pay-IRS-bill-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-best-way-to-pay-IRS-bill-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's the best way to pay the IRS?	When faced with a tax bill, it's important to weigh all payment options carefully or you'll end up paying a lot more than you owe.	credit card, IRS, credit cards, tax bill
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-ignoring-debt-collectors-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-ignoring-debt-collectors-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ignoring debt collectors won't make them go away	If you've lost your income, ignoring the debt collectors' calls won't make them go away. You've got to step up, tell the truth and work toward a solution.	credit card, credit cards, debt collectors, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-bill-senate-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-bill-senate-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Senate passes tough new credit card reform bill	Riding on a wave of anti-bank and pro-consumer sentiment sweeping the country, the U.S. Senate today passed unprecedented credit card industry reforms designed to help millions of families struggling to pay credit card debt.	credit card act of 2009, christopher dodd, u.s. senate bill, credit cardholders' bill of rights, credit card reform,federal reserve, interest rate hike
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frank-bill-authorize-online-gambling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frank-bill-authorize-online-gambling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rep. Frank introduces bill to allow online gambling	Don't bet on it quite yet, but you soon might be able to use your credit card to place online wagers, legally and without giving your card numbers to -- and funneling your money through -- a foreign company.	gamble, wager, legal, frank, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-checkup-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-checkup-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit not right? Time to schedule a credit card checkup	Is your credit not feeling quite right? If so, it may be overdue for an annual checkup. Fortunately, a thorough exam doesn't involve an appointment with a hard-to-reach specialist: This Rx is strictly DIY. 	credit card, credit, card, credit card checkup, credit bureau, TransUnion, Experian, Equifax, annual
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-federal-rules-interest-loophole-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-federal-rules-interest-loophole-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds: Close rate-hike loopholes in credit card rules	Feds propose rule amendments to close loopholes that would have allowed interest rate hikes by credit card issuers; the public can comment on them until June 4.	credit card rules, federal reserve, udap, interest rate increase, closed account, clarifications
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-march-09-bulletin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-march-09-bulletin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Job fears keep credit card balances falling	Credit card balances fell further in March, based on the latest data from the Federal Reserve, as cardholders opted to save their money rather than spend on plastic.	consumer credit, G.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/700-plus-credit-score-club-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/700-plus-credit-score-club-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your keys to getting in the 700+ credit score club	Having good credit pays -- in dollars and cents. In an ever-tightening credit market, having a solid credit history with a credit score well over 700 will open doors to money-saving opportunities	credit score, credit report, credit card, credit cards, FICO score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fitch-delinquencies-chargeoffs-rise-april-2009-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fitch-delinquencies-chargeoffs-rise-april-2009-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fitch: Card delinquencies rise; show signs of slowing	Credit card losses resulting from rising unemployment and mounting delinquency once again reached record levels in April 2009, according to most recent Credit Card Index report from Fitch Ratings. 	credit cards, credit card, delinquency, chargeoff, charge-off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/white-house-credit-card-town-hall-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/white-house-credit-card-town-hall-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obama to hold credit card town hall meeting this week	President Barack Obama will hold a town hall meeting on credit cards in Albuquerque, N.M., May 14.	barack obama, credit cards, senate, legislation, town hall, christopher dodd, richard shelby, credit cardholders' bill of rights
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/should-you-pay-off-really-old-debts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/should-you-pay-off-really-old-debts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you bother paying off really old debts?	A reader whose wife has decade-old credit card debts wonders what will happen to her credit report and score if she does -- or doesn't -- pay them off.	credit card, credit report, credit score, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-credit-card-purchase-protection-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-credit-card-purchase-protection-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Purchase protection on balance transfers	If you transfer the balance of a credit card purchase to another card, does the original purchase protection still apply?	credit, card, credit card, purchase protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-comparing-airline-frequent-flier-programs-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-comparing-airline-frequent-flier-programs-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Multi-airlines cards versus single-airline cards	Both multi-arlines rewards cards and single-airline cards have pluses and minuses, and which is right for you depends on what kind of frequent flier you are.	credit card, credit cards, frequent flier programs, WorldPerks, Delta, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-reduce-unemployment-prepaid-card-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-reduce-unemployment-prepaid-card-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 tips to reduce unemployment prepaid card fees	For many unemployment recipients, the switch from paper checks to prepaid cards is hardly the win-win situation 	prepaid, card, debit, card, credit card, Chase, Citi, Bank of America
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-stacking-up-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-stacking-up-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How does America's credit card debt stack up?	Americans' credit card debt escalated to unprecedented heights as the economic crisis unfolded. CreditCards.com took various statistics on that debt and converted those amounts into $1 bill stacks. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advantas-credit-shutdown-could-endanger-cardholders-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advantas-credit-shutdown-could-endanger-cardholders-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Advanta's credit shutdown endangers cardholders	As many as 1 million credit cardholders could be forced to search to find a new issuer, and debt holders could be faced with APRs  as high as 35 percent, when small business card issuer Advanta Corp officially shuts down its credit card accounts for futur	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nsba-small-businesses-hurt-by-credit-card-terms-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nsba-small-businesses-hurt-by-credit-card-terms-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NSBA: Small businesses hurt by credit card terms	As small business owners become more dependent on credit cards, they are also simultaneously being crunched by the tightened credit market, according to the National Small Business Association (NSBA), an advocate organization for American entrepreneurs.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-repayment-plans-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-repayment-plans-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your options for negotiating outstanding debt	If your income has been dramatically reduced, then you may qualify for some assistance from the creditor that might not negatively affect your credit score.	credit card, credit cards, NFCC, AICCCA, debt management plan, credit counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-balance-transfers-your-credit-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-balance-transfers-your-credit-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Balance transfers and your credit	The Credit Guy -- Todd Ossenfort of Pioneer Credit Counseling -- explains what a balance transfer is and how it can affect your credit.	balance transfer, credit score, credit report, debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-weigh-financing-options-buying-dream-motorcycle-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-weigh-financing-options-buying-dream-motorcycle-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Weigh all options when financing expensive purchases	A reader wants to use a new credit card to buy his dream motorcycle, but our columnist suggests waiting and weighing all his options before making the purchase.	credit card, motorcycle, payment options
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-card-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-card-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What the new credit card law means for you	Now that landmark credit card reforms have taken effect, here's how its provisions will affect you.	credit, card, reform, bill, Senate, passage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-cope-until-new-credit-card-law-takes-effect-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-cope-until-new-credit-card-law-takes-effect-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cope until new credit card law takes effect	Consumer advocates say cardholders should wean themselves off of credit cards, pay down debt and pay on time during this period before new protections kick in.	credit card, law, interest rate hikes, senate, house, president obama
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-credit-cards-dont-increase-spending-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-credit-cards-dont-increase-spending-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit cards don't increase spending	Paying with credit cards instead of cash may in fact not cause consumers to spend more, according to a new study from Carnegie Mellon University. The study goes against current popular theory that people who buy with plastic tend to overspend.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-practical-guide-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-practical-guide-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to expect when filing for bankruptcy	American bankruptcy laws were created for catastrophic events, where debt resolution can give you a fresh start and let you become a productive, contributing citizen again. 	credit card, credit cards, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bill-house-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bill-house-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House easily passes credit card reform bill	Following today's 361-64 House vote, President Obama is poised to sign credit card restrictions into law.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-collection-dilemma-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-collection-dilemma-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The ugly side of debt collection	Debt collectors would much rather settle for less than the full amount and get it all at once than receive a small amount each month.	debt, collection, creditor, payment, lump, sum
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-consequences-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-consequences-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will new credit card law hurt more people than it helps?	Card issuers say the new law will hurt consumers; consumer advocates say the card issuers are bluffing. 	credit card, interest rates, credit cards, annual fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-college-university-law-pizza-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-college-university-law-pizza-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Law alters cozy relationship between card issuers, colleges	New credit card legislation will change the cozy relationships between banks and colleges -- and mean less free pizza for students. 	credit card, college, university, pizza, student, school, Credit CARD Act of 2009, law, Obama, Congress, free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-deploys-military-rewards-program-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-deploys-military-rewards-program-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover deploys military rewards program	Discover Financial Services will reward U.S. with double cash back and miles for its cardholders who make purchases at military bases.	credit card, credit cards, reward cards, rewards, military, Memorial Day, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-signs-credit-card-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-signs-credit-card-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obama signs credit card reforms into law	His signature starts the enactment clock ticking on new consumer protections.	Obama, credit, card, law, enact, regulations, interest, industry, consumer, protections
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/timeline-credit-card-reform-phase-in-dates-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/timeline-credit-card-reform-phase-in-dates-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reform legislation time line	This interactive time line shows how the sweeping credit card reform bill became a law, and when its different provisions take effect.	timeline, timeline, credit, card, reform, law, legislation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-negotiate-credit-card-before-late-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-negotiate-credit-card-before-late-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	With credit card bills, don't be late, negotiate	Reaching out before the bill is due damages your credit score the least, says The Credit Guy.	credit, card, negotiate, late, payment, score, damage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/synovate-credit-card-annual-fee-offers-rise.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/synovate-credit-card-annual-fee-offers-rise.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Research: Credit card mail offers with annual fees return	Once nearly extinct for people with good credit, card offers with annual fees are rebounding, research firm Synovate says.	mail, offer, solicitation, synovate, annual, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-negotiate-debt-collectors-original-third-party-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-negotiate-debt-collectors-original-third-party-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Negotiating debt with original creditor vs. 3rd party collector	If negotiating to reduce past due credit card debt, the rules and negotiating strategies differ between original creditor, third party collector.	negotiate, debt, credit, card, third, party, original, creditor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-cash-back-versus-rewards-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-cash-back-versus-rewards-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing value of cash back cards vs. rewards	The value of credit card rewards programs are as different as their participants. Free travel may have more appeal than cash back or vice-versa.	credit card, credit cards, cash back, frequent flier, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fdic-q1-credit-card-losses-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fdic-q1-credit-card-losses-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Big credit card losses continue to dog U.S. banks	The banking industry has 3.4 billion reasons why credit card debt is proving to be a major pain in its neck. 	credit cards, delinquencies, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-parent-credit-card-abuse-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-parent-credit-card-abuse-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When elderly parents abuse credit cards	A reader's 80-year-old mother has charged $120,000 on various TV shopping channels. What's a daughter to do?	credit, card, spending, shopping, channels, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-interactive-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-interactive-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A guide to  the Credit CARD Act of 2009	The federal government has enacted sweeping reforms into how credit cards work; learn what they mean to you through this interactive guide.	Interactive guide, new credit card laws, Credit CARD Act, credit card law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tools-help-parents-teach-kids-handle-money-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tools-help-parents-teach-kids-handle-money-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tools to help parents teach kids about money	In these economically challenged times, more parents are looking for ways to help teach their kids how to handle money. Fortunately, there's a wealth of tools -- online and off -- to help them get the job done, regardless of the age of their offspring.	credit cards, kids, help, web sites, tools, personal finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-protecting-credit-scores-credit-limits-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-protecting-credit-scores-credit-limits-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protecting your credit score when paying down debt	It's a Catch-22: you opt to pay down your credit card debt, but then your credit limit gets cut. What's a cardholder to do?	credit, card, debt, credit, limit, cut, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-prioritizing-debt-payments-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-prioritizing-debt-payments-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prioritize payments wisely to knock down debts	A reader with about $35,000 in debt to various creditors asks our expert which of her many debts she should pay off first.	credit card debt prioritize credit loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-free-trial-scams-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-free-trial-scams-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Free trial' offers can bring unwanted credit card charges	Ever fall for the "order now and receive a free trial offer" on the latest energy booster or anti-aging cream? You're not alone. Here's how to avoid getting scammed.	scam, free trail offer, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-phone-phishing-scam-on-the-rise-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-phone-phishing-scam-on-the-rise-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New phone phishing scam on the rise	Thousands of bank customers are being targeted by a new phishing scam where they are asked to enter their credit card information over the phone, police say.	credit card, credit cards, phishing, scams, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-launched-non-profit-card-program-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-launched-non-profit-card-program-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One launches nonprofit card program	Capital One Financial Corporation announced June 2 the launch of Card Lab Connect, a program to help nonprofit organizations of all sizes expand the ways in which their supporters can donate to charity programs. 	credit card, credit cards, reward program, nonprofit cards, affinity cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-opting-out-credit-card-changes-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-opting-out-credit-card-changes-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hit with an APR hike? Keep the card or cancel?	Until the new credit card laws take effect in 2010, your issuer can still change the terms for any reason. If hit with an APR increase, you have two choices: keep it or cancel it.	credit card, credit cards, rate increase, opt out, CARD Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-best-travel-rewards-card-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-best-travel-rewards-card-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding rewards cards with local customer support	When searching for a rewards credit card program, some consider outsourced, foreign customer support a huge detractor.	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, outsourcing, customer support, American Express, AmEx
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-provider-releases-list-of-safety-tips-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-provider-releases-list-of-safety-tips-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ATM provider releases list of safety tips	ATM service provider PULSE released a list of tips  for protecting customers while using debit cards at ATMS and point-of-sale (POS) terminals.	credit cards, credit card, ATM, safety, identity theft,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-payments-predicted-to-skyrocket-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-payments-predicted-to-skyrocket-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mobile payments predicted to skyrocket	Mobile payment transactions are expected to catapult to nearly 4.5 billion in 2012 -- a 429 percent increase from an estimated 850 million in 2009, consulting firm Gartner Inc. predicted in a May 28 report by CardLine Global (subscription required).	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-komen-credit-cards-fight-breast-cancer-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-komen-credit-cards-fight-breast-cancer-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit cards to help in fight against breast cancer 	A new credit card launched by Bank of America will allow consumers to help support breast cancer research and the Susan G. Komen for the Cure, a prominent breast cancer organization, through their everyday banking activities.	credit cards, BoA, Bank of America, credit card, breast cancer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-quiz-1376.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-quiz-1376.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Think you're a credit expert? Take our quizzes and prove it!	Are you a credit expert? Or maybe you don't know an APR from NPR or CPR. Whichever side you fall on -- or if you're somewhere in the middle -- you can test your knowledge of credit in our quizzes	credit card, quiz, credit scores, credit reports, APR, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-april-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-april-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Credit card, all consumer spending declines	As the recession and layoffs continue to take their toll, consumers respond by ditching debt.	consumer, G.19, Federal, Reserve, Fed, spending, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-are-you-responsible-late-parents-debts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-are-you-responsible-late-parents-debts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you responsible for your late parent's debts?	One nervous reader asks whether a credit card company can come after her to pay for her father's debts after he passes away. 	credit cards, debt, parents, creditor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-exchange-fees-going-up-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-exchange-fees-going-up-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card foreign transaction fees mostly up	The general trend is up for foreign transaction fees, but a few issuers have bucked the trend and dropped the fee from top-end rewards cards	credit, foreign, currency, conversion, fee, transaction, changes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-score-id-theft-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-score-id-theft-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Experian: High credit score increases likelihood of ID theft	Having a high credit score makes it easier -- and cheaper -- for you to borrow money. But according to a new report from credit bureau Experian, that high score also makes it easier for identity thieves to secure stolen credit in your name. 	credit score, identity theft, id theft, experian, transunion, equifax,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-overspending-consequences-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-overspending-consequences-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take responsibility for card overspending	We know times are hard, but when you rack up credit card debt, it's no one else's financial burden but your own.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shopping-credit-score-interactive-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shopping-credit-score-interactive-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interactive: Shop your way to a better credit score	Your score could go up or down depending on what you buy; this interactive shopping basket illustrates some examples.	credit, score, shopping, risk, interactive
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-shopping-can-affect-credit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-shopping-can-affect-credit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What you buy, where you shop may affect your credit	The new Credit CARD Act calls for a probe of whether shopping at certain merchants or buying certain items affects your creditworthiness.	credit card act, credit card law, mcc code, shopping, purchase, credit limit, credit score, interest rates, credit card company, reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-family-member-ruins-credit-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-family-member-ruins-credit-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When family members ruin your credit	Authorized users on your credit card have two freedoms: to rack up debt on your account and to bail when it comes to paying it off	credit card, credit cards, authorized user, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-weirdest-currencies-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-weirdest-currencies-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The world's 10 weirdest currencies	A Pennsylvania banker's collection of odd currencies reveal much about different times, cultures.	currency, currencies, 10, weirdest, doty
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-personalization-spaghetti-jimmy-wins-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-personalization-spaghetti-jimmy-wins-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does Spaghetti Jimmy really win?	Credit issuers are jumping aboard card personalization trend, convinced family pics on plastic will cause consumers to pull out the card more often.	credit, card, personalization, spaghetti, jimmy, win, Capital One
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/law-bans-credit-card-payment-allocation-trickery-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/law-bans-credit-card-payment-allocation-trickery-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New law bans card payment allocation trickery	If you use your credit cards for balance transfers or cash advances in addition to making purchases, your credit card payments will soon go further, starting in February.	credit cards, payment allocation, laws, obama
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-quotes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-quotes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What people are saying about the Credit CARD Act	A lot has happened since the Credit CARD Act of 2009 was introduced, and much of it recorded on video cameras.	Credit CARD Act, credit card quotes, credit card audio, credit card legislation quotes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-college-students-parents-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-college-students-parents-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Law may force parents, children to talk about credit cards	The new Credit CARD Act of 2009 limits issuing and marketing credit cards to people under 21. It may mean more parents will have to discuss managing credit with their children.	credit card, college student, parents, talk, credit card act of 2009, credit card reform law, kids, young people, minors, free pizza, contract
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/european-trade-commission-online-gambling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/european-trade-commission-online-gambling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Europe to U.S.: Back off online gambling enforcement	The European Commission ruled this week that U.S. laws that ban most forms of online gambling discriminate against European companies and violate international trade agreements.	European, trade, commission, online, gambling, UIGEA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-rewards-ownership-company-credit-card-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-rewards-ownership-company-credit-card-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who owns the rewards on a company card?	If you are given the option to pay for the AmEx rewards program membership, then most companies should cede ownership of those perks to you	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, American Express, frequent flier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-auto-fico-score-screens-out-more-buyers.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-auto-fico-score-screens-out-more-buyers.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New FICO auto score screens out more buyers	You may think you're ready for a new set of wheels. But your new credit score could have other ideas.	FICO, auto, score, buyer, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-adult-daughter-thin-credit-learns-independence-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-adult-daughter-thin-credit-learns-independence-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Adult daughter with thin credit needs to learn independence	A concerned mother asks for advice on helping her 28-year-old daughter jump-start her credit, but our expert says mom should think twice before getting too involved.	credit cards, piggybacking, credit history, credit score, thin
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-take-stock-make-plan-when-money-woes-hit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-take-stock-make-plan-when-money-woes-hit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When money woes hit home, take stock and make a plan	Our expert offers a plan for a family with two young children, a $4,800 monthly mortgage payment, $14,000 in credit card debt and suddenly has been hit with a job loss.	credit cards, credit crunch, debt, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-dads-fathers-affect-debt-financial-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-dads-fathers-affect-debt-financial-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How Dad affects your debt, financial decisions	New research finds that a father's advice, or lack of it, influences their children's money behavior later.	Dad, father, research, university, study, Arizona, children, kids, money, financial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-primary-account-holder-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-primary-account-holder-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does it matter who is the primary account holder?	In times past, creditors may have only reported credit history for the primary account holder -- usually the man. Times have changed.	credit card, credit cards, joint account holder, credit score, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/brain-chemicals-financial-risk-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/brain-chemicals-financial-risk-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taking too many financial risks? Blame your brain	A new study suggests you may be predisposed to make risky financial decisions by the same part of your brain that contributes to gambling and shopping addiction.	study, risk, financial, desisions, dopamine, neurons, ventral striatum 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bankruptcy-divide-60-rule-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bankruptcy-divide-60-rule-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Considering bankruptcy? Use the 'divide by 60' test	Take your unsecured debt and divide it by 60 to see whether you're a candidate for bankruptcy, says Todd Ossenfort, The Credit Guy.	bankruptcy, filing, 60, divide, rule, thumb, test
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-joint-account-holder-liability-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-joint-account-holder-liability-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Allowing friends to use your credit card = mistake	After the charges, it may be too late to hold someone else responsible for debt run up on your card with your permission.	credit card, credit cards, friend, authorized user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-germs-h1n1-swine-flu-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-germs-h1n1-swine-flu-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is your credit card making you sick?	It may not be just that late fee that's making you feel ill: Flu viruses can last for hours -- even weeks -- on plastic surfaces.	flu, swine, h1n1, plastic, germs, virus, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dumped-credit-card-issuer-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dumped-credit-card-issuer-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dumped by your card issuer? 5 tips to survive the breakup	What should you do if you suddenly find yourself dumped? Here are five steps to take when your credit card issuer 'just isn't into you' anymore.	credit card, credit cards, American Express, credit limit, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-consumer-financial-protection-agency-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-consumer-financial-protection-agency-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New agency would oversee credit cards, financial services	The Obama administration proposes creating a Consumer Financial Protection Agency as a consumer watchdog for credit cards and other complicated financial products. 	obama, credit card, consumer protection, financial, agency, disclosure, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-agency-credit-card-summary-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-agency-credit-card-summary-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a 'financial protection agency' affects cardholders	This table summarizes how credit cardholders would be affected by President Obama's sweeping financial reform proposal.	consumer, financial, protection, agency, credit, card, consumers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shopping-credit-cards-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shopping-credit-cards-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shopping and credit cards	For some, a mall and a credit card are a financially toxic mix. It need not be so. These tips will help you become a savvier shopper -- and maybe even save some money.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged ahead of Fed meeting	Credit card interest rates didn't move this week, but experts say recently introduced laws and an eventual economic recovery likely mean higher credit card APRs in the not-too-distant future.	rate report, APR, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-pawnshop-loans-work-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-pawnshop-loans-work-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Strapped for cash? Pawnshops offer short-term solution	Credit cards maxed out? Look no further than your jewelry box to turn valuables into cash with a quick trip to your local pawnshop. 	pawn, pawnshop, loan, collateral
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-pew-mintel-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-pew-mintel-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates push higher again	APRs on new credit card offers inched up to 12.64 percent this week, says the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. This continues recent trends of rising interest rates this year, as banks continue to make moves ahead of a new card law.	rate report, APR, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-personal-loan-vs-credit-card-cash-advance-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-personal-loan-vs-credit-card-cash-advance-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal loans vs. credit card cash advances	For one-time events such as a wedding, go with the loan -- the rates are usually much cheaper.	credit, card, personal, loan, interest, rate, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-credit-card-statements-incomprehensible-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-credit-card-statements-incomprehensible-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit card statements 'virtually incomprehensible'	Research finds that indecipherable credit card statements aren't just an American problem; they cause head-scratching worldwide.	indecipherable, incomprehensible, credit, card, statements, research, study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-june-2009-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-june-2009-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed again holds rates steady, but change may come soon	Although, as expected, the Federal Reserve didn't boost interest rates with its latest monetary policy announcement, analysts say it is only a matter of time before the Fed hikes its key lending rate.	federal reserve, monetary policy, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-exes-dont-pay-joint-accounts-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-when-exes-dont-pay-joint-accounts-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When your ex doesn't pay on joint accounts	If you rely on your ex to pay down on joint accounts after a divorce, expect to be disappointed.	ex, joint, account, divorce, lawyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-lower-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-lower-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates drop slightly	The national average annual percentage rate on new credit card offers edged barely lower this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, but analysts expect interest rates to rise in the not-too-distant future.	rate report, APR, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-bonus-miles-rewards-cards-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-bonus-miles-rewards-cards-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to decide when to dump your rewards card for another	With so many bonus sign-up rewards cards out there, it becomes difficult to decide when it's time to dump your old card for a new one	credit card, credit cards, rewards cards, airline miles, frequent flier cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/couples-discuss-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/couples-discuss-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Let's talk credit: 8 must-have couple conversations	Attitudes about using credit cards vary dramatically, and learning a partner's outlook can avert all-too-common money disputes. Here are the eight top credit issues every couple should tackle.  	credit, card, eight, issues, debt, couples, topics, conversations, personal, finance, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-social-media-shy-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-social-media-shy-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers dip a toe into social media	Credit card companies have made only tentative steps into the social media fray. But while you’re talking on sites such as Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook, they’re listening in -- and planning their next steps.	social, media, credit, cards, twitter, facebook
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-contract-for-young-adults-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-contract-for-young-adults-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A credit card contract for parents, adult children	This downloadable contract between parents and their young adult children about credit card use can be a starting point for talk about co-signing for a credit card.	contract, credit, card act of 2009, college, students, co-sign, co-sign, parents, under 21, sign, download
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grund-credit-cards-future-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grund-credit-cards-future-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A chat with John Grund: A look at the future of cards	Credit card expert John Grund analyzes what consumers can expect to pay for credit in the near future and whether the days of easy credit are over.	grund, q&a, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-is-mom-liable-for-daughters-possible-credit-card-crime-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-is-mom-liable-for-daughters-possible-credit-card-crime-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can mom do time for daughter's possible credit card crime?	A mother nervously asks if she can be charged because she knows that her 16-year-old daughter has 10 credit cards. She might not like the answer.	credit cards, identity theft, fraud, minor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-for-rental-car-with-debit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-for-rental-car-with-debit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Most rental car companies accept debit cards, survey finds	While it's easier to use a credit card than a debit card to rent a car, nearly all agencies allow debit, a CreditCards.com survey shows.	rental, car, debit, card, credit, restrictions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-twitter-24-hours-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-twitter-24-hours-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	24 hours of credit card tweets on Twitter	To find out what Internet users think about plastic, CreditCards.com read and evaluated 24 hours' worth of tweets about credit cards on the social networking site Twitter.	credit cards, twitter, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-loyalty-for-chumps-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-loyalty-for-chumps-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is credit card loyalty for chumps?	Your loyalty may make you a stellar best friend, but it's not doing you any favors with your credit card company these days. The dismal economy may have turned your card issuer into a turncoat. 	credit cards, loyalty, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-during-divorce-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-during-divorce-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid bankruptcy during messy divorce	The last thing you need to do as you start your new, independent, financial life is to put yourself through the trauma of going bankrupt.	divorce, bankruptcy, lawyers, financial, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-score-impact-paying-off-accounts-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-score-impact-paying-off-accounts-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your credit score reflects paid-off accounts	When you pay off your card, the impact to your credit score should be fairly immediate. But if the account was in arrears, you won't like what you see.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-your-rights-canceled-flights-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-your-rights-canceled-flights-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your rights when dealing with canceled flights	When your flight is canceled, you might be surprised to find that the airlines aren't legally required to do much to accommodate you.	flier miles, frequent flier miles, flyer, canceled, flight
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-higher-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-higher-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise ahead of new law	Regulations plus recession make card issuers pull the APR trigger and hike cardholders' rates.	credit card, interest, rate, report, weekly, CreditCards.com
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-way-consumers-dispute-credit-report-errors-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-way-consumers-dispute-credit-report-errors-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers get new path to dispute credit report errors	Under a set of newly introduced guidelines, consumers gain the right to take up disputes over credit report inaccuracies diirectly with the businesses that supplied the faulty data.	credit cards, credit report, credit score, fed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-down-debt-too-quickly-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-down-debt-too-quickly-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it possible to pay off debt TOO quickly?	A reader asks whether paying off his huge debts in one fell swoop, thanks to an inheritance, can raise red flags and damage his credit.	credit cards, credit score, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payment-mobile-apps-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payment-mobile-apps-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will that be cash, check or cell phone?	Credit card issuers are working hard on rolling out mobile payment technology to U.S. customers. However, compared to Europe and especially Asia, payment by cell phone here is still in its infancy.	credit cards, payment systems, mobile phones, cell phones, visa, mastercard, american express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interactive-ventral-striatum-brain-financial-risks-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interactive-ventral-striatum-brain-financial-risks-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your financial choices and your brain interact	This interactive demonstrates how the financial choices we make can be risky or conservative, depending on how one part of your brain -- the ventral striatum -- is wired.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-minimum-payment-increase-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-minimum-payment-increase-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cope with sudden minimum payment increase	Credit card issuers can change conditions on short notice, including the minimum payment.	minimum, payment, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-may-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-may-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances keep falling, but pace slows, Fed says	Credit card balances continued their downward spiral in May, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve, as cardholders remained hesitant to carry any unnecessary debt during the ongoing recession.	consumer, G.19, Federal, Reserve, Fed, spending, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/summary-debit-card-rent-car-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/summary-debit-card-rent-car-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What requirements, restrictions to expect to rent with debit	Renting a car with no credit card? It can be done, but rental car agencies impose many restrictions and extra demands on debit card users.	debit, card, rent, car, auto, agencies,demands, requirements 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-losing-sleep-credit-card-finances-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-losing-sleep-credit-card-finances-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Americans losing sleep over finances	More than two out of three Americans are losing sleep because of financial worries, according to a new CreditCards.com poll.	sleep, credit, cards, retirement, poll, paying bills, mortgage, health, care, healthcare, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/june-09-discover-spending-monitor-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/june-09-discover-spending-monitor-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers hold back on discretionary spending	Consumer spending on discretionary items is expected to diminish due to perceptions that more money will be necessary for groceries and gas in the coming months, according to the June 2009 Discover Spending Monitor.	recession, economy, discretionary spending, household expenses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-increase-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-increase-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates keep moving higher	The cost of using credit cards continues to rise, giving consumers yet another reason to keep their plastic in their wallets. 	credit cards, rate report, interest rates, APRs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-establishing-credit-widow-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-establishing-credit-widow-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Starting a credit life after a spouse's death	A widow wants to know what she  needs to do to keep her mortgage and lines of credit after her husband's death.	credit card, credit cards, mortgage, co-signer, authorized user, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-gifting-frequent-flier-miles-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-gifting-frequent-flier-miles-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The greatest gift of all: free travel	When offered someone else's frequent flier miles for travel, there are some rules of the road that you should follow.	credit, card, frequent, flier, miles, rewards, travel, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-for-job-seekers-with-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-for-job-seekers-with-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for job seekers with bad credit	As the recession drags on, times are getting tougher for job hunters. The good news is you can still find a well-paying job even if you have lousy credit. These nine tips can help.	credit reports, jobs, unemployment, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-6-times-ok-cut-up-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-6-times-ok-cut-up-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 times when it's OK to cut up your cards	A reader asks Opening Credits a simple question -- 'When do credit cards get cut up?' -- that doesn't have a quick, easy answer.	credit cards, cancel, credit score, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-bankruptcy-myths-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-bankruptcy-myths-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 post-bankruptcy myths	While bankruptcy may offer a fresh start, many consumers worry about how it will ultimately impact their financial future. Recovery takes time, but it's not as bleak as you may think. 	credit card, credit cards, bad credit, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/global-credit-scoring-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/global-credit-scoring-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit scoring varies around the world	Dominant in the U.S., the FICO credit score doesn't hold the same status worldwide. That leaves many international lenders looking to local versions of credit scoring models to help judge risk. And the differences from nation to nation can be great	credit scores, credit reports, fico, credit cards, vantagescore
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-back-to-pre-reform-levels-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-back-to-pre-reform-levels-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy filings return to pre-reform-law pace	Largely due to the recession, a 2005 law clamping down on filing had only temporary impact.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/variable-rates-replace-fixed-rate-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/variable-rates-replace-fixed-rate-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Variable interest rate cards replacing fixed rates	Seven months in advance of the new rules that would limit an issuer's ability to alter a fixed rate account, credit cardholders are being moved to variable rate cards.	credit card, credit cards, variable interest rate, APR, fixed rate, chase, bank of america, credit card act, credit card reform, prime rate, index, margin
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minnesota-attorney-general-lawsuit-national-arbitration-forum-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minnesota-attorney-general-lawsuit-national-arbitration-forum-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minnesota Attorney General files suit against arbitration firm	Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the National Arbitration Forum of Minnesota claiming the company is unfair to consumers.	minnesota attorney general, lori swanson, national arbitration forum, arbitration
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies per capita, all 50 states, 2007-2009	Nevada jumped Tennessee to become the leader in per capita bankruptcy for 2009. Where does your state rank?	bankruptcy, per, capita, state, rank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-authorized-user-affect-credit-rating-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-authorized-user-affect-credit-rating-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How being an authorized user can hurt your credit score	If you are an authorized user on someone's credit card account and that account is not in good standing, it will drag down your credit score.	credit card, credit cards, credit score, authorized user, credit history, good credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-magnetic-stripe-ban-europe-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-magnetic-stripe-ban-europe-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. magnetic stripe credit cards on brink of extinction?	Europe is considering an all-out ban on magnetic stripe credit cards, favoring chip-and-PIN transactions. Will U.S. plastic be left in the dust?	credit card, contactless cards, EMV, chip and PIN, magnetic stripe ban
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-45-day-notice-credit-card-act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-45-day-notice-credit-card-act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed issues final rules on first phase of Credit CARD Act	The Federal Reserve released the interim final rules on the first phase of the new Credit CARD Act of 2009 covering advance notice of card changes, the right to opt out of changes and providing at least 21 days to pay monthly bills.	credit card act, credit cards, interest rates, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-protecting-credit-in-divorce-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-protecting-credit-in-divorce-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect your credit score during divorce	When facing divorce, avoid at all costs racking up mounds of credit card debt as you want to be able to start off your new life without undue financial stress.	credit card, credit cards, divorce, attorney, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-up-third-week-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-up-third-week-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs rise for third straight week	Borrowing money on a new credit card continues to become increasingly expensive, as banks work to protect themselves from a weak economy.  	credit cards, APR, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-opt-out-credit-card-rate-increase-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-opt-out-credit-card-rate-increase-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: How to opt out of an APR increase	The Credit Guy -- Todd Ossenfort of Pioneer Credit Counseling -- explains how to opt out of changes to your credit card agreement, specifically changes to your APR	credit cards, APR, interest rates, increase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-filmmakers-indie-movies-credit-cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-filmmakers-indie-movies-credit-cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Closing credits for filmmakers: Cards rarely fund films	Credit is the lifeblood of America's independent film industry, but stringent loan regulations curtailed access to credit and threaten the industry.	credit, card, film, filmmaker, funding, moviemaking, director, max out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loans-credit-reports-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loans-credit-reports-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't worry if resold student loan clutters up credit report	A student loan that's been resold multiple times appears multiple times on a reader's credit report -- once for each time it was sold -- and he wants to know if some of them can be removed. 	credit reports, credit scores, student loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/arbitration-lawsuit-naf-settle-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/arbitration-lawsuit-naf-settle-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Leading arbitration firm quits the business after lawsuit	A lawsuit by Minnesota's attorney general caused a quick retreat by the leading firm that provides binding arbitration services to millions of credit cardholders.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-future-towergroup-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-future-towergroup-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit cards face bleak future	New research indicates that consumers may never return to their old charging habits, jeopardizing the future of the credit card industry.	credit card, credit cards, TowerGroup, Credit CARD Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-ways-fight-minimum-payment-increases-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-ways-fight-minimum-payment-increases-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to fight minimum payment increases	Thousands of credit card customers were surprised by news that their credit card minimum payments will more than double. Find out what your options are.	credit card, credit cards, minimum payment, balance transfer credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-new-rules-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-new-rules-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 new rules in the credit card balance transfer game	Transferring a credit card balance used to be so easy and painless that some consumers referred to it as a game, but that game has changed.	credit card, credit cards, balance transfer, minimum payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-lending-standards-occ-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-lending-standards-occ-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	National banks tightening credit card lending standards	A report from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shows no banks easing credit card standards while 68 percent are tightening up.	Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, OCC, tighten, lending, standards, banks, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-platforms-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rewards-platforms-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers shift rewards to 'platforms'	Credit card issuers are increasingly consolidating their rewards programs to allow points shopping across categories for numerous cards. 	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, rewards platforms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-united-states-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-around-the-world-united-states-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards around the world: United States	Our ongoing series moves to the United States, where the most sweeping credit card industry reforms in decades were passed in May 2009. 	credit cards, united states, america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/will-there-be-global-credit-score-someday-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/will-there-be-global-credit-score-someday-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will there be a global credit score someday?	Imagine all the people of the world united -- under a single credit scoring model. Depending on whom you ask, the concept of a global credit score is either a far-fetched pipe dream or an eventual reality. 	credit score, credit report, fico, international
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-owners-applying-for-credit-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-owners-applying-for-credit-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Proving your worth: New credit rules for entrepreneurs	As credit lines tighten, or even disappear, small-business owners are turning to credit cards for survival. But getting approved for plastic is harder than ever.	credit card, credit cards, entreprenuers, Credit CARD Act, small business owners
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-changes-poll-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-changes-poll-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: 2 out of 5 credit cardholders report getting whacked	Credit card issuers have punished two of every five cardholders by acts such as rate increases, but a few have been rewarded, says a CreditCards.com poll.	credit card, credit cards, interest rate, credit limit, credit card act, poll, creditcards.com, variable interest rate, minimum payments, increase, chase, bank of america, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-authorized-user-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-authorized-user-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Create a separate credit identity after divorce	If you are still an authorized user on an ex's credit cards, your credit score is dependent on their payment behavior. Your best bet is to get your own credit.	credit card, credit cards, authorized user, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-system-crumbling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-system-crumbling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card binding arbitration system crumbling	A controversial, but common practice in the credit card industry -- requiring consumers to go to arbitrators rather than the courts when disputes arise -- appears on the verge of collapse.	credit, card, arbitration, dispute, resolution, courts, chase, NAF, AAA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After weeks of increases, credit card APRs finally stand still	Ending a streak of three straight weekly APR increases, the national average interest rate on new credit card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. Just don't expect it to last.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-credit-card-telemarketing-refund-checks-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-credit-card-telemarketing-refund-checks-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers cash in on credit card scam	The FTC mailed refund checks to victims of a Florida-based telemarketing credit card scheme. 	credit card, credit cards, credit card fraud, fraud, FTC, Operation Tele-PHONEY
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rfid-chips-convenient-but-creepy-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rfid-chips-convenient-but-creepy-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Implantable credit card RFID chips: convenient, but creepy	Forget the science of it. Forget the convenience of it. Forget that similar identifying technologies, from bar codes to mag stripes, overcame similar obstacles and are now ubiquitous.RFID implants face a hurdle the others did not: It's icky.	RFID, implant, icky, inject
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-variable-values-credit-card-rewards-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-variable-values-credit-card-rewards-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be wise when cashing in rewards points	To reap the most out of credit card rewards programs, it's important to pay attention to which rewards give you more bang for the buck	credit card, credit cards, credit card rewards, rewards programs, Wells Fargo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-game-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-game-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't blame 'credit card game,' blame irresponsible player	A reader who is $49,000 in debt and frustrated with the "credit card game" asks what would happen if she went cold turkey on plastic once she's paid off her current debts.	credit cards, interest rates, credit reports, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-rewards-spend-more-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-rewards-spend-more-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do credit card rewards make people spend more?	Study: The allure of credit card rewards is one contributing factor that may lead to increased card debt.	credit card, credit cards, rewards, debt, Andrew Ching, Fumiko Hayashi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-credit-cards-frugality-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-credit-cards-frugality-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Americans rank high for credit card frugality 	Americans ranked highest among eight major countries in terms of limiting credit card purchases in an attempt to save.	credit cards, credit card, savings, marriage, cars, pets, ING Direct, TNS
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-spouse-liability-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-spouse-liability-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can one spouse's bankruptcy destroy the other's credit?	If your spouse files for bankruptcy, your credit score may or may not be impacted, depending on where you live and what you owe.	bankruptcy, community property, hurricane, adoption
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-military-relief-act-interest-rate-protection-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-military-relief-act-interest-rate-protection-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Active military personnel protected from interest rate hikes	The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act offers interest rate limit protections for active duty military personnel. All you have to do is ask, and prove that you've been called to serve.	SCRA, military, interest rate, Servicemembers Civil Relief, soldiers, sailors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spendthrift-penny-pinchers-find-love-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spendthrift-penny-pinchers-find-love-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spendthrift ISO penny-pincher for LTR	A study reveals that when it comes to money habits, opposites attract, with big spenders attracted to big savers and vice versa	study, spenders, savers, opposites, attract
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-resume-rise-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-resume-rise-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs jump for 4th time in 5 weeks	Following a brief pause last week, the national average annual percentage rate on new credit card offers rose for the fourth time in the past five weeks to 12.06 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report, credit cards, APR, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-consumer-complaints-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-consumer-complaints-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Credit card, collection complaints growing quickly	The nation's fastest growing consumer complaints involve aggressive collection tactics for credit card and many other debts, says a survey released Thursday.	survey, consumer, credit, card, complaints
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-debt-stress-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-debt-stress-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Substantial debt may arise from unlikely sources	Most Americans attribute their most bothersome financial burdens to medical costs, eating out and entertainment. However, the worst debt may arise due to other less-recognized reasons.	debt, debt stress, family, demos, credit card, credit cards, medical costs, nonessential, car repair, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-cool-uses-rfid-chips-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-cool-uses-rfid-chips-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 cool uses of RFID chips	Implanting a tiny radio device may not be for you, but it can do some cool tricks. Here are a dozen.	RFID, radio, frequency, implant, device, dogs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-best-advice-respect-your-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-best-advice-respect-your-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	To avoid debt, give your credit your respect and attention	Don't fear credit cards, our expert tells a reader. Handle them responsibly by giving them your respect and your attention, and they can be more useful than scary.	credit cards, advice, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/states-weigh-limits-credit-checks-for-employment-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/states-weigh-limits-credit-checks-for-employment-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	States weigh limits on credit checks for employment	In July 2009, Hawaii became the second state to curb the practice of allowing all employers to make hiring decisions based on a job applicant's credit score.	credit, score, job, employment, applicant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/michael-farmer-meteorite-broker-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/michael-farmer-meteorite-broker-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Meet Michael Farmer, aka Meteorite Guy	Welcome to the out-of-this-world life of Michael Farmer, aka Meteorite Guy, one of only about 20 professional meteorite brokers -- on this planet anyway.	meteor, michael, farmer, meteorite
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/decline-in-credit-card-offers-mailings-slows-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/decline-in-credit-card-offers-mailings-slows-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Decline in credit card mailings slows	After months of decline, recent data show banks have begun reconsidering card offers. Synovate, which tracks credit card direct mail, reports that U.S. households received 349.1 million offers in the second quarter -- down just 6 percent from Q1	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-kill-zombie-credit-card-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-kill-zombie-credit-card-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Killing off the credit card balance that refuses to die	Late charges, over-the-limit fees, interest rate hikes and cash advance fees can all prevent you from paying down an unrelenting credit card balance.	credit card, Credit CARD Act, late charges, interest rate hikes, cash advances, late charges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spouse-debt-collection-asset-protection-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spouse-debt-collection-asset-protection-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When your spouse's debt collection becomes your nightmare 	If your spouse's credit card debt is headed south and the debt collectors are calling, there is a good chance that your assets are at risk, too. 	spouse, husband, wife, debt, collectors, assets, joint
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-opt-out-interest-rate-increases-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-opt-out-interest-rate-increases-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when facing a credit card rate increase?	You can't opt out of a rate increase after the stated deadline, but you may be able to freeze the account at the old rate.	credit card, credit cards, rate increase, rate jack
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sotomayor-personal-finance-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sotomayor-personal-finance-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Judge Sonia Sotomayor's personal finances	Unlike the other recent newcomers to the Supreme Court, Sonia Sotomayor's financial profile doesn't make you think of Wall Street.   	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-june-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-june-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances plummet	Credit card balances fell once again in June, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve, as consumer spending and access to credit remained under pressure. 	G.19, consumer credit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-with-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-with-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	70 years old with $20,000 in credit card debt	A senior citizen wants to know how she can manage to pay down $20,000 in credit card debt when she's unemployed and on a fixed income	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, Craigslist, eBay, budget
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/economic-optimism-falls-discover-monitor-july-2009.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/economic-optimism-falls-discover-monitor-july-2009.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Economic optimism falls for first time since February	Instead of hoping for financial freedom at the end of the tunnel, most are seeing a never-ending train ride of debt and unemployment, new data reveals.	Discover Financial Services, discretionary spending, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-new-credit-card-closing-mortgage-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-new-credit-card-closing-mortgage-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stash your plastic when closing on a home	Going on a credit card spending spree right before closing on a home is unwise. It can even jeopardize your mortgage.	credit cards, mortgage, credit report, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-medical-debt-options-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-medical-debt-options-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Learn your options when dealing with medical debt	If medical debt has set you back, communicate with creditors, and secure your housing and transportation first, says The Credit Guy.	credit card, credit cards, medical debt, debt collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-one-day-late-credit-card-apr-rate-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-one-day-late-credit-card-apr-rate-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Just one day late can hurt that credit card rate	Even if you're tardy in paying your credit card bill by a single day, it can trigger a rate increase.	rate, increase, apr, todd ossenfort, credit guy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-august-2009.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-august-2009.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed again leaves interest rates at historic low	In an effort to preserve what analysts deem a fragile recovery, the Federal Reserve has again left interest rates unchanged. 	federal reserve, FOMC, interest rates, monetary policy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-takes-effect-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-takes-effect-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers gain right to opt out of credit card rate increases	The first phase of the new Credit CARD Act of 2009 kicked in Aug. 20, lengthening notice requirements  to 45 days and giving consumers the right to opt out of rate increases.	credit card act, credit card act of 2009, interest rates, advance notice, opt out, right to cancel, federal reserve, banks, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jennette-coping-credit-card-debt-death-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jennette-coping-credit-card-debt-death-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How I dealt with my parents' credit card debt after their deaths	After her parents' sudden demise, a daughter shares hard-won lessons learned from having to cope with their finances.	parents, debt, death, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-guide-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-guide-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A guide to navigating through bankruptcy	If you're among the growing number of people considering bankruptcy, this package of news articles, tips and statistics will help to get you through	bankruptcy, bankruptcy stories, bankruptcy help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rolling-credit-card-debt-into-mortgage-refinance-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rolling-credit-card-debt-into-mortgage-refinance-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Think twice before rolling credit card debt into mortgage refinancing	People with equity in their homes can still borrow against it to settle debts. With mortgage rates at historic lows, consolidating credit card debt in a refinance can substantially lower monthly expenses. Yet many financial experts advise against it. 	credit card, debt, minimum payments, mortgage payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-financial-fears-change-behavior-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-financial-fears-change-behavior-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Financial fears not enough to change behavior 	Many, particularly the young, are reluctant to change financial ways, despite recession.	financial, fears, change, behavior, recession
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/traveling-with-credit-cards-guide-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/traveling-with-credit-cards-guide-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Have card, will travel: A guide to traveling with a credit card	You need to take steps before, during and after the trip if you want your travel to be enjoyable for you and your credit.	travel, trip, credit, card, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-card-law-questions-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-card-law-questions-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer Q and A: Credit card law, phase 1, debuts	Consumers get the right to opt out of rate increases, notification and billing requirements become clearer. 	opt, out, interest, rate, notification, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-7-common-credit-card-myths-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-7-common-credit-card-myths-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't fall for these 7 common credit card myths	There are so many common credit card myths that when our expert is asked for the biggest myth, she responds with seven really big ones.	credit cards, debt, credit scores, credit reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lenders-again-tighten-credit-card-loan-standards.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lenders-again-tighten-credit-card-loan-standards.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Credit tightens again, but not as rapidly 	Credit card issuers again cut credit in the second quarter of 2009, as did lenders of many kinds, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve. 	senior, loan, officers, fed, federal reserve, lending, standards, tighten
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-charge-offs-hit-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-charge-offs-hit-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charge-offs, delinquencies hit all-time high	The second quarter closed with the highest consumer credit card delinquency and charge-off rates since the Federal Reserve began tracking data on the subjects. 	credit card, credit cards, delinquencies, charge-offs, Federal Reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/demagnetization-ruin-credit-card-magnetic-stripe-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/demagnetization-ruin-credit-card-magnetic-stripe-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How magnets can ruin credit cards	'Demagnetization' can strip the data from your magnetic stripe and knock your credit card out of commission; know what to do if it happens.	demagnetization, magnetic, stripe, magnets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-act-2009-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-act-2009-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Credit CARD Act to bring big changes	Connie Prater, senior writer for CreditCards.com, discusses a few of the major provisions in the Credit Card Act of 2009.	credit card act, credit card video, credit card law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/destroy-credit-card-cut-fraud-shredder-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/destroy-credit-card-cut-fraud-shredder-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to safely, securely destroy a credit card: 6 tips	With credit card fraud and identity theft on the rise, a single scissor snip won't cut it anymore. 	shredder, scissors, destroy, cut, credit, card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elite-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elite-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Black, gold, titanium: Are elite credit cards worth it?	If your credit rating is outstanding, you earn big and spend big, you could win an elite credit card, which provides premium benefits -- at extreme cost.	credit card, credit cards, elite cards, rewards, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/file-complaint-about-credit-card-issuer-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/file-complaint-about-credit-card-issuer-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to file a complaint about a credit card issuer	Can't resolve a problem you're having with your credit card issuer? You can file a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a federal watchdog agency that oversees large banks, credit union or savings institutions.	complain, complaint, bank, credit card, issuer, federal, state, consumer financial protection bureau, watchdog
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-august-20-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-august-20-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reform law's first phase kicks in Aug. 20	The first phase of the new credit card reform law kicks in Aug. 20. Use these helpful links to navigate through what the new law means to you. 	credit card, Credit CARD Act, opt out, notification, credit card reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-young-family-credit-card-debt-struggles-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-young-family-credit-card-debt-struggles-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways to pay down credit card debt	A young family with $35,000 in credit card debt wonders whether filing for bankruptcy is the solution. It isn't, says our expert.	credit card cards debt bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-everyday-places-plastic-replaces-cash-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-everyday-places-plastic-replaces-cash-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 new places where you can stash your cash and flash your plastic	No cash in your wallet? No problem! Retailers and service providers are moving -- very quickly -- toward easy, rapid on-location payment systems. Here are 9 new places where you can flash your plastic.	credit cards, iphones, contactless cards, health care
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-credit-charge-offs-delinquencies-july-2009-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moodys-credit-charge-offs-delinquencies-july-2009-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charge-offs, delinquencies reverse upward trend	Credit card charge-offs and delinquencies showed first signs of slowing down in July 2009.	credit card, credit cards, default, delinquency, July 2009
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-credit-cards-annual-fees-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-credit-cards-annual-fees-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi adds annual fees to some credit card accounts	Citi is initiating annual fees on certain credit card accounts as a way to compensate for increasing credit card losses.	Citi, Citibank, annual fees, credit card, credit cards, profit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-signs-americans-getting-smarter-about-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-signs-americans-getting-smarter-about-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 signs Americans are getting smarter with credit	Lately there have been a handful of signals that consumers are getting a lot smarter when it comes to the cards. Here are seven.	signs, smarter, credit, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/script-negotiate-better-credit-card-deal-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/script-negotiate-better-credit-card-deal-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Script to ask for a lower credit card rate 	Being a good credit card customer doesn't win the favors it used to, but carefully chosen words can still tilt the odds in your favor	script, credit, card, lower, rate, ask
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-prepaid-fees-safety-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-prepaid-fees-safety-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Prepaid cards full of hidden dangers	Though touted as a way to stay debt-free, the use of prepaid cards may subject consumers to high fees -- and the money may not be safe.	credit card, credit cards, prepaid cards, prepaid card, prepaid, fees, Consumers union, FDIC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-boot-camps-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-boot-camps-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance boot camps fight debt with hard-nosed approach	They're probably never going to force you to scrub the latrine, hike for miles in the driving rain or call you a maggot, but personal finance boot camps promise to use some tough love to help you gain control over your finances and debt once and for all.	boot camp, credit card debt, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-who-owns-frequent-flier-air-miles-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-who-owns-frequent-flier-air-miles-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are your air miles at risk if you fall on hard times?	A reader wonders what would happen to his miles if he closes his credit card account, settles with the card company or goes bankrupt.	credit card, Chase, frequent flier miles, United Mileage Plus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-car-leasing-extra-fees-hurt-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-car-leasing-extra-fees-hurt-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When hit with extra fees on auto lease, pay them on time or else	Our expert warns that whether you're talking about a credit card, a car lease or any other type of debt, the best thing you can do for your credit is to pay what you owe -- in full and on time.	credit report, debt, credit score, debt consolidation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-new-rights-under-credit-card-law-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-new-rights-under-credit-card-law-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You have new rights to keep your old rate	Under the new credit card law, you can cancel your card and pay off your balance at the existing APR if the issuer hits you with a rate increase	credit cards, credit card, Credit CARD Act, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-qualifying-credit-card-hardship-programs-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-qualifying-credit-card-hardship-programs-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers don't make hardship programs easy	It's a Catch-22. Though you've kept up payments until now, you can't pay anymore. But your issuer won't work with you until you start missing payments. What to do?	credit card, credit cards, hardship programs, credit rating
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-law-quirk-notice.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-law-quirk-notice.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reform law quirk: 45 days' notice becomes 14	Yes, the new credit card reform law requires 45 days' notice of rate hikes, but if you use the card after 14 days, the new rate applies.	credit, card, reform, law, 14, 45, notice, rate, hike, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-steady-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-steady-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After run of rate hikes, banks leave APRs unchanged	Banks paused this week following a recent run of interest rate increases, leaving the national average annual percentage rate on new credit cards unchanged at 12.17 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	credit cards, APRs, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phone-technology-combats-credit-card-fraud-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phone-technology-combats-credit-card-fraud-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cell phones become fraud-fighting tools	Mobile phone technology is fast becoming the latest crime-fighting tool against credit card fraud	credit card, credit card fraud, cell phone, Ericsson IPX Mobile Lookup, Visa Europe, SafePass, mBlox
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mortgage-default-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mortgage-default-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How foreclosures, short sales, other mortgage defaults affect credit	How big a bite does a home foreclosure, short sale or other mortgage default take out of your credit score? 	credit card, foreclosure, credit score, FICO, short sale, default, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-ftc-debit-settlement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-ftc-debit-settlement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC settles prepaid card misrepresentation case	A company settled with the Federal Trade Commission after allegedly charging unaware consumers, who thought they were filling out loan applications, for a prepaid card.	credit card, credit cards, FTC, prepaid cards, settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-scoring-basics-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-scoring-basics-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: The basics of credit scoring	Jeremy Simon, staff reporter with CreditCards.com, explains the ins and outs of credit scores and credit reports.	credit card video, credit scoring, credit reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd-power-credit-card-satisfaction-survey-09-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd-power-credit-card-satisfaction-survey-09-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	J.D. Power: Growing numbers dissatisfied with credit cards	The latest J.D. Power and Associates credit card satisfaction survey found that overall credit card satisfaction plunged to a record low – only 703 on the 1,000-point scale. 	jd power, credit, card, satisfaction, survey, AmEx, American, Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-authorized-users-not-responsible-credit-card-payment-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-authorized-users-not-responsible-credit-card-payment-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized users don't have to pay for cardholder's missteps	If you're an authorized user on someone's credit card and the account holder makes a few wrong moves, you don't have to suffer. Our expert shows how you can protect yourself if this happens to you. 	credit report, credit card, authorized user, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-for-grades-debit-card-students-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-for-grades-debit-card-students-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Pay for grades' movement stirs passions among teachers, parents	The 'pay for grades' movement has spread from urban cores to affluent middle-class cities around the country, with supporters and opponents squaring off in equal measure over its effectiveness.	pay, grades, debit, reward, students, parents, teachers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-money-can-lessen-pain-drug-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-money-can-lessen-pain-drug-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Touch money and you feel less pain	Sticking your hands in scalding water is less painful if first you've handled a stack of bills, researchers find.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-creditors-dont-care-about-court-agreements-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-creditors-dont-care-about-court-agreements-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Creditors care about original loan documents, not court agreements	In divorce, lenders will go after all who agreed to pay, no matter what a court decree says about who should pay.	creditors, credit, card, split, loan, divorce, community, property, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/excellent-credit-better-credit-card-offers-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/excellent-credit-better-credit-card-offers-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers sweeten deals for those with great credit	While shedding people with credit problems, card issuers are sweetening the deals for those with excellent credit, putting them in good bargaining position.	superprime, prime, subprime, credit, card, offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-spending-monitor-august-consumer-confidence-grows-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-spending-monitor-august-consumer-confidence-grows-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers' economic confidence grows, but nervousness lingers	The latest Discover U.S. Spending Monitor survey says that although consumer economic confidence grew in August, more than half of consumers say they plan to cut back on unnecessary spending -- such as going out to dinner and movies -- in the month ahead.	Discover, spending, monitor, confidence, consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-concierge-services-no-fee-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-concierge-services-no-fee-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More credit cardholders can count on concierges	You need not be ultrarich, or even pay a fee, to obtain the customized services of a credit card concierge.	concierge, credit, card, service, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-pay-off-credit-card-debt-or-save-for-house-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-pay-off-credit-card-debt-or-save-for-house-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best to apply cash to credit card debt or down payment?	A reader wants to know whether it is wiser to use a lump sum of cash to pay off credit card debt or dump into savings for a future house down payment.	credit, card, debt, minimum, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-stay-steady-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-stay-steady-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs steady, though banks are tweaking other terms	Even as banks continue to tinker with their business models in reaction to new credit card legislation, the national average annual percentage rate on new card offers was unchanged this week at 12.17 percent, the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report says.	credit cards, APRs, interest rates, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-sign-up-bonus-reward-programs-2243.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/petersen-sign-up-bonus-reward-programs-2243.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pitfalls of pumping, dumping sign-up bonus cards	The 'pump and dump' strategy of taking advantage of huge bonus sign-up reward points or miles can really mess with your credit if you're not smart	credit card, rewards programs, pump and dump, bonus sign-up programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-cutting-up-a-credit-card-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-cutting-up-a-credit-card-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: Cutting up your card the right way	CreditCards.com's Cynthia Drake shows you the right way to cut up a credit card in order to avoid any possible identity theft. There's more to it than you might think. 	credit cards, identity theft, cancel a credit card, id theft, credit card fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-build-credit-young-adults-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-build-credit-young-adults-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Alternative ways for students to build a credit history	The minimum age to qualify for a credit card will soon increase, requiring that young adults find new ways to develop positive credit histories.  	credit card, credit cards, student, credit history, Credit CARD Act, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-july-09-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-july-09-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit plunges record $21.5 billion in July	Consumer debt fell by an unprecedented $21.5 billion in July, according to new Federal Reserve data, as consumers continued to shy away from borrowing in the recession.	consumer credit, g.19, federal reserve, credit card balances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dads-repay-childrens-debt-poll-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dads-repay-childrens-debt-poll-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Dad's a pushover for kids looking for big debt help	According to a new poll conducted by Gfk Roper for CreditCards.com, male parents are 15 percent more likely to pay off $20,000 or more of their kids debt.	credit card, credit cards, debt, children, parents, gambling, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-pay-death-spouses-debts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-pay-death-spouses-debts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spouse's passing doesn't absolve widower of joint card debts	Grief over a spouse's death and the need for money to get a new place to live after her passing doesn't absolve a widower of the obligation to pay down joint debts.	credit card debt, death, spouse, credit report, debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data-security-breach-notification-laws-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data-security-breach-notification-laws-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	States with laws requiring consumer notification of ID theft	Until recently, if ID thieves stole your credit card data, you were kept in the dark. But a  host of new state laws force firms to reveal what they used to keep secret	data, breach, id, theft, security, credit, card, fraud, consumer, state, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-cant-pay-credit-card-bills-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-cant-pay-credit-card-bills-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What you stand to lose if you don't pay credit card bills	A reader wonders just what would happen to her if she just stopped paying her credit card bill. Legal action, garnishment and property liens, our expert warns.	credit card, credit card debt, garnishment, property liens
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-moving-overseas-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-moving-overseas-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How does moving overseas affect credit card debt?	Moving overseas doesn't mean you strand credit card debt acquired in the States -- especially if you ever plan on returning home	credit, card, debt, overseas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-facing-credit-card-minimum-payment-increase-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-facing-credit-card-minimum-payment-increase-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options for dealing with a minimum payment increase	As issuers try new ways to bring in cash, cardholders may face boosted minimum payment requirements. If you can pay the new minimum, you should, and stop carrying a balance in the future.	credit, card, minimum, payments, balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-rise-chase-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-rise-chase-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After a pause, credit card interest rates resume upward march	After staying flat the previous week, the national average interest rate on new credit card offers rose to 12.28 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	credit cards, APR, rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hildebrandt-lose-debt-nfcc-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hildebrandt-lose-debt-nfcc-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The biggest losers (of debt): How a family shed $106,000 in debt	Five years ago, this New Richmond, Wis., family was drowning in debt. They licked it through frugality, determination and hard work. Here's how.	family,  NFCC, Hildebrandts, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negative-options-ftc-rules-comment-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negative-options-ftc-rules-comment-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC eyes new rules on (not-so) free trial offers	So-called 'negative option' deals mean unless you act, a free trial will morph into a permanent debt.	free, trial, negative, option, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-better-credit-card-portfolio-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-better-credit-card-portfolio-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to build a better credit card portfolio	Standing pat with one card isn't a smart move today. Allocate credit as you do assets, strategically trimming or adding cards to get the most out of each.	credit, card, allocate, portfolio
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/helping-aging-parents-credit-card-debt-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/helping-aging-parents-credit-card-debt-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Helping aging parents dig out of debt	With credit card debt among seniors up 26 percent, experts tell you how to help aging parents get back on track without compromising your own financial future.	seniors, credit, card, debt, aging, parents,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-steps-avoid-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-steps-avoid-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways to protect yourself from data breaches	Massive breaches of personal data can leave you feeling helpless, but there are steps you can take to protect yourself and prepare for the worst.	identity theft, credit card fraud, credit report, data breach, heartland
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-wealthiest-still-not-spending-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-wealthiest-still-not-spending-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wealthiest consumers still unwilling to spend	Americans are still hesitant to spend. Even consumers earning some of the highest incomes are unwilling to reopen their wallets.	credit cards, credit card, consumer, budget, recession
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-build-holiday-2009-forecast-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-build-holiday-2009-forecast-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers expecting holiday season to be a bit jollier	Though consumers are less anxious about the recession hampering holiday festivities, analysts expect most will attempt to keep spending in check.	credit card, credit cards, holiday, holiday spending, budget, gifts, Christmas 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/famu-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/famu-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FAMU students sound off about new credit card law	Credit cards are necessities for many on campus, students at Florida A&M University say. But others say they don't want the temptation the plastic can bring. 	credit, cards, florida, a&m, university, credit card act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sticker-activate-new-credit-card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sticker-activate-new-credit-card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Think you can't use that not-yet-activated credit card? Think again	Until you call your issuer to officially activate it, your new credit card is useless and secure, right? Not necessarily. The startling truth is that many sail through a purchase without a problem.	credit card fraud, identity theft, credit card, activation, sticker
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-patience-key-raising-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-patience-key-raising-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Patience, persistence are keys to raising your credit score	An impatient reader may not like the answer, but the the keys to raising your credit score from the depths are consistency, persistence and -- yes --  time.	credit scores, FICO, credit reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/family-impact-paying-off-childs-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/family-impact-paying-off-childs-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying off child's debt strains family ties	Paying off a child's debt is a lot more than writing a check. It involves money and emotions, dollars and sense. 	money, debt, child, children, pay off, paying, mom, dad, parents
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-students-credit-cards-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-students-credit-cards-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: How many students have cards?	College is a time when many young people are first introduced to credit cards. In this video sampling of students, some enjoy the advantages cards offer, others fret about debt traps.	credit cards, college, university, coed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-new-credit-card-rules-on-college-campus-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-new-credit-card-rules-on-college-campus-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: New rules for credit cards on campus	CreditCards.com talked to students at the University of Texas at Austin to get their reaction to upcoming laws that limit credit card access for people under 21 years of age.	credit cards, college, university, students, credit card act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-cards-new-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-cards-new-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card marketers drop out of college	Fall 2009 is card issuers' last unfettered chance to sign up students. Rather than give an all-out marketing blitz in its last dance, issuers are sitting this one out.	credit, card, issuer, student, marketing, last, chance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-tactics-bad-debt-collectors-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-tactics-bad-debt-collectors-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 tactics of bad debt collectors and what to do about them	The recession has put debt collectors under added pressure, too. Some are reacting by cutting legal corners.	debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/penn-state-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/penn-state-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Penn State students speak out about new credit card law	Most students interviewed at Penn State University think the new laws will benefit people under 21 years of age, though some wondered whether there were exceptions to the rules.	Penn, Pennsylvania, state, students, credit, card, law, adults, co-sign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-texas-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-texas-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	University of Texas students differ on new credit card law's worth	Opinions on the new credit law varied among University of Texas students. Co-signers shouldn't be needed, some say, though others applauded the new law's restrictions, saying it would make students more responsible.	texas, student, law, credit, card, students
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/arizona-state-university-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/arizona-state-university-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Arizona State students split on impact of new credit card law	When asked about the new credit card law and how they manage their own credit, some students at Arizona State University said they see credit cards as a step toward full adulthood. Others, however, are worried about responsibility and debt.	credit, card, law, student, debt, university, arizona state
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/piggybacking-authorized-credit-card-users-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/piggybacking-authorized-credit-card-users-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Piggybacking, meant to jump-start credit, can backfire	Becoming an authorized user on a parent, guardian or other adult's credit card account can have rewards as well as pitfalls. Bad payment habits of the account holder can ruin the authorized user's credit score.	authorized user, piggyback, credit card, parent, guardian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-missouri-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-missouri-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit card sparks debate among students at Missouri	Some welcome the added oversight the law gives young adults, others say show me the benefits to giving up financial independence.	student, credit, card, missouri, mizzou, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/southern-cal-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/southern-cal-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Southern Cal students opine on new credit card law	USC students have seen parents and friends handle, and mishandle, their cards. Those students say that if the law means fewer people get in trouble with their cards, all the better.	student, USC, Southern Cal, credit card, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emory-university-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emory-university-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Emory students debate new credit card law: Helpful or just intrusive?	Emory University students are split on the Credit Card Act. Some say that it'll help students be more responsible, but one says they don't want or need anyone to 'play mom.'	credit, debt, law, students, card, emory, university
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/butler-university-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/butler-university-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Butler students weigh pros, cons of new credit card law	Butler University students say the new credit card law is a double-edged sword. It limits students' financial choices while attempting to save students from themselves.	student, credit, card, butler, university, parents
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/indiana-university-purdue-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/indiana-university-purdue-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	IUPUI students see good and bad in new credit card law	Credit card law's limitations sets some students at ease at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, though some are wary of those restrictions.	student, credit, card, law, IUPUI, Indiana, Purdue, university 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/notre-dame-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/notre-dame-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Notre Dame students' opinions vary on new credit card law	Students from the University of Notre Dame see both good and bad in the new law limiting young adults' access to credit cards. Some say it promotes responsibility, while other college students say it just treats them like kids.	student, credit, card, notre, dame, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-miami-students-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/university-miami-students-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	University of Miami students discuss new credit card law	Students from the University of Miami give their views on the 2009 credit card law that will restrict young adults' access to cards. Some say it'll help keep young people out of debt. Others say it'll just make things harder on them.	student, credit, card, miami, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-students-love-hate-credit-cards-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-students-love-hate-credit-cards-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	College students love, hate new credit card law	College students across the country praise and condemn a new law that will restrict issuing credit cards to anyone under 21 beginning in February 2010.	credit, cards, student, college, university, marketing, credit card act of 2009, 21
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cosigner-credit-score-impact-default-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cosigner-credit-score-impact-default-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The risks you face when co-signing a loan	When you co-sign on a loan and the original borrower stops paying, your credit report and credit score take a hit, too.	credit score, credit report, co-sign, co-signer, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-mixed-economic-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-mixed-economic-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rates steady as banks struggle with uncertain economy	Amid mixed economic signals, banks kept interest rates unchanged on credit cards offers this week at 12.28 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	credit cards, rate report, APR, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-getting-money-back-from-collection-agency-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-getting-money-back-from-collection-agency-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting money back from a collection agency? Good luck with that!	In all her years of credit advising, our expert's never heard of someone paying a collection account and then attempting get the money back after changing his mind -- until now.	debt collection, credit card debt, credit cards, credit score, coast guard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-overdraft-policy-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-overdraft-policy-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks' checking and debit overdraft policies draw scrutiny	Banking overdraft fees are the subject of studies and scrutiny as consumers, legislators and industry officials weigh in on the controversial practice.	credit card, credit cards, Center for Responsible Lending, American Bankers Association, overdraft, overdrafting, checks, debit cards, debit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-opt-out-rate-hike-credit-score-impact-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-opt-out-rate-hike-credit-score-impact-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Opting out of APR increase doesn't have to impact your credit	It's a common question these days: Will opting out of a rate increase hurt my credit? The answer isn't so clear-cut.	credit, score, report, bad, opt-out, APR, increase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-cards-replace-checks-as-rebate-payment-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-cards-replace-checks-as-rebate-payment-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid cards replace checks as rebate payment of choice	The next time you're due a rebate or refund, don't expect to receive a paper check. An increasing number of stores and manufacturers are opting to issue prepaid debit cards instead, and some consumers aren't happy about it.	prepaid, rebate, gift, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-cards-map-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-cards-map-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Students wary of new law restricting their access to credit cards	Young adults will see their access to credit due restricted more than anyone else due to the Credit CARD Act of 2009; we surveyed campuses to see how students say it will affect them.	student, credit, cards, act, college, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-september-2009-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-september-2009-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed keeps rates steady again, waits for stronger economic recovery	The Federal Reserve once again left interest rates unchanged, as the central bank waits for the economic recovery to become more pronounced before taking up the battle against inflation. 	interest rates, federal reserve, fomc, monetary policy, ben bernanke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-react-credit-card-laws-video-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-react-credit-card-laws-video-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Videos: Students react to new laws limiting their access to credit cards	We talked to college students at the University of Texas at Austin and the University of Missouri to get their reaction to new laws restricting their access to credit cards. Their opinions varied widely. Click through to see their reactions.	student credit cards, credit card act, college credit card laws, student credit card video
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payroll-cards-pay-cards-walmart-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payroll-cards-pay-cards-walmart-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More employees say 'hello' to payroll cards 	When the nation's largest private employer announces it's discontinuing employee paychecks in favor of a 100 percent paperless payroll system -- in part through the use of payroll cards, or pay cards -- it's time to sit up and take notice.	wal-mart, pay cards, prepaid debit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-card-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-credit-card-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Students, credit cards and the new reform law: The fine print	Credit cards and college students: How new law changes marketing of, access to credit cards for young adults.	Credit CARD Act, credit card reform, students, credit card, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-rise-fed-unchanged.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-rise-fed-unchanged.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	APRs rise, even after Fed leaves rates unchanged	The Federal Reserve chose to leave lending rates unchanged earlier this week, but credit card issuers didn't follow suit.  	credit card, APRs, interest rates, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bad-credit-options-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bad-credit-options-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options are limited for bad credit customers	If you have a bad credit history in this tight credit market, the odds of getting a credit card with a great interest rate are slim.	bad credit, credit card, tight credit market
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/law-recession-lead-to-retro-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/law-recession-lead-to-retro-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reform law, recession lead to 'retro' credit card offers	New card programs offer payment control, plain vanilla features, but consumers still face a rocky road.	law, recession, plain, vanilla, retro, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-holiday-shopping-guide-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-holiday-shopping-guide-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com's guide to online holiday shopping 2009	The sour economy will push more people online to do their shopping this year; these steps will help keep your experience free of cybergrinches.	credit cards, holiday, shopping, christmas, hanukkah, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employee-guide-payroll-debit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employee-guide-payroll-debit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	An employee guide to pay cards	Paper paychecks are becoming a thing of the past, with plastic payroll debit cards (or pay cards) taking their place. Here's a rundown of what you need to know	debit card, prepaid card, Wal-Mart, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/estranged-husband-credit-card-fraud-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/estranged-husband-credit-card-fraud-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect yourself from estranged husband poaching your good credit	If an estranged spouse uses your identity and 'poaches' your good credit, he may have committed fraud. Protect yourself first then decide whether to put the screws to him	credit, score, estranged, husband
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-college-students-react-new-credit-card-laws.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-college-students-react-new-credit-card-laws.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: College students react to new credit card laws 	Portions of a new law will affect how young adults get credit cards. The law, which will put age restrictions on credit cards and ban certain types of marketing from college campuses, takes affect February 2010. Students at Missouri give their reactions.	credit cards, college students, credit card act, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-fed-income-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-fed-income-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Want a credit card? Prove you can pay the bill	In an 800-page document released Sept. 29, 2009, the Fed lays out detailed rules requiring credit card issuers to confirm borrowers' ability to pay	credit, card, issuer, bill, prove, income, fed, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-student-loan-default-correct-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-student-loan-default-correct-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cure your defaulted student loan in six steps	If you default on a student loan, the law gives you a second chance if you make regular, 'reasonable and affordable' payments.	student loan, credit cards, default, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-rules-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-credit-card-rules-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Credit card issuers, stay far away from college campus	Under newly issued federal regulations, card issuers have to stay at least 1,000 feet away from campus.	credit, card, issuer, campus, student
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-money-transfer-technology-changes-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-money-transfer-technology-changes-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sending remittance money to friends, family abroad? Options abound	Sending money across the country or to a foreign land used to be costly and time-consuming. Today it may be neither, but there are still tricks to it.	send, money, distance, western union, wire, cash
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-beware-grandchildren-money-scams-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-beware-grandchildren-money-scams-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of 'fake' grandkids calling for cash	Be warned! A popular scam is proliferating where a "grandchild" calls a grandparent asking for emergency cash or credit card info.	scam, Montreal, credit card, grandchildren, Canada
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cosigning-credit-card-risks-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cosigning-credit-card-risks-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The risks you incur when you co-sign	Once you co-sign on a credit card, your rights to get out of the deal are limited, but you are still completely liable if the original account holder defaults. 	credit card, credit cards, co-sign, co-signer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-american-express-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-american-express-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx boosts national average credit card interest rate	American Express this week raised annual percentage rates on several of its card offers, pushing the national average APR higher for the third time in four weeks.	credit card, rate report, amex
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-is-charging-a-sin-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-is-charging-a-sin-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit sin: Does credit save or condemn you?	Will using plastic land you in hot water with your almighty? Depending on the belief system, card use might require some repentance 	credit card, credit cards, religion, sin, Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, Hinduism 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-credit-lessons-tv-characters-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-credit-lessons-tv-characters-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money and credit lessons learned from TV	Whether they're frugal or free-spending, our favorite and classic TV characters are fountains of financial advice.	Seinfeld, Everybody Loves Raymond, Leave It To Beaver, The Kind of Queens, Friends, credit card, money management, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-no-free-fico-scores-5252.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-no-free-fico-scores-5252.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want a free FICO score? You're out of luck	If you think you'll get a free FICO score with your free credit report at AnnualCreditReport.com, you're mistaken. If you want your FICO score, you'll have to pay.	credit score, FICO score, credit report, transunion, equifax, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-pledge-no-interest-hikes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-pledge-no-interest-hikes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BofA pledges moratorium on credit card interest rate hikes	Bank of America has pledged not to increase credit card interest rates until February 2010. Congress wants other card issuers to make the same pledge.	credit cards, credit card act, christopher dodd, bank of america, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-debit-card-use-impact-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-debit-card-use-impact-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Trade credit card for debit? Remember your credit score	A reader asks: If I use my debit card all the time instead of my credit card, what impact will that have on my credit score?	credit score, credit report, FICO score, debit card, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances fall by nearly $10 billion in August	Credit card balances plunged by nearly $10 billion in August, according to new Federal Reserve data, marking the 11th straight month of decline amid an ongoing change in consumer and lender attitudes toward plastic. 	federal reserve, g.19, credit card debt, credit cards, balances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-new-management-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-new-management-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Under new management: Your credit card	As more Americans resort to plastic to survive, major banks are reshaping their credit card portfolios, buying and selling off accounts -- and the cardholders who go with them. What happens when your issuer dumps your credit card?	credit, card, FDIC, Citigroup, U.S. Bancorp, WaMu, Lehman Brothers, portfolios
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-consumer-rights-debt-collection-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-consumer-rights-debt-collection-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt collectors must prove the debt is yours	A reader is being harassed for debt that she doesn't think is hers. Take these steps to take to prevent debt collection abuse.	Penney's, debt collection, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-proving-debt-to-collectors-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-proving-debt-to-collectors-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mystery debt: A collector's goof becomes your recurring  problem	Prepare for a hassle if a collection mistake has your name on it -- phone calls and certified letters are in your future.	credit card, debt collection, zombie debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-bofa-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-aprs-bofa-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Major issuers' rate hikes send national average card APR higher	Several credit card issuers raised interest rates this week, driving the national average annual percentage rate on new credit card offers upward for the third straight week to 12.64 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit cards, interest rates, chase, citi, wells fargo, federal reserve, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-column-two-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-column-two-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to make sure your credit score is a FICO score	Credit score seem just a bit too high? You may not have bought the ever-popular FICO score. But don't feel bad, our expert says. It's an easy mistake to make.	FICO score, credit scores, credit reports, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/100-charged-phishing-id-theft-bust-fbi-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/100-charged-phishing-id-theft-bust-fbi-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nearly 100 charged worldwide in massive phishing scam bust	The FBI has charged more than 50 defendants -- the most ever charged in a cybercrime case -- for allegedly conspiring to steal the identities of hundreds, possibly thousands, of Americans, the bureau announced Monday. 	phishing, identity theft, cyber crime, ID theft, credit card, fbi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rankings-nevada-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rankings-nevada-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nevada keeps top spot in most-likely-to-go-bankrupt rankings	Residents of Nevada, Tennessee and Georgia remain most likely to file bankruptcy, according to third quarter 2009 statistics. How likely are the neighbors in your state to file for protection from debts?	bankruptcy, state bankruptcies per capita
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-q3-2009.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-q3-2009.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy filings on track to hit 1.4 million in 2009	Spurred on by high unemployment, bankruptcies have steadily climbed toward the level present before a 2005 reform law that was supposed to hold down filings.	bankruptcy, filing, law, reform, 2005, AACER
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/businesses-consumers-change-credit-card-attitudes-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/businesses-consumers-change-credit-card-attitudes-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As Americans tighten belts, they adjust attitudes toward credit	If buying on credit today were a card game, it would be Texas Hold 'Em. Consumers keep their credit cards close to their vests, leaving merchants to wonder if the newfound frugality is a fad or a bluff.	credit cards, debit cards, federal reserve, recession
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-cards-balances-down-practical-use-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-cards-balances-down-practical-use-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Consumers get more frugal, practical with buying gift cards	Even though more consumers are purchasing gift cards this year, they're being purchased in smaller amounts and used for more practical items, a new study reveals. 	gift cards, holidays, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-authorized-user-credit-card-when-parents-credit-goes-bad-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-authorized-user-credit-card-when-parents-credit-goes-bad-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Act fast to remove authorized users when your credit goes south	Authorized users on your credit card account suffer when your credit hits the skids. Our expert shows how to remove those users to minimize the damage.	authorized users, credit cards, credit report, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-guru-boo-boo-mistakes-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-guru-boo-boo-mistakes-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Guru goofs: 7 financial experts confess their money mistakes	Famous financial experts divulge details about past bankruptcies, overdrafts and budget moves gone bad. 	credit card, credit cards, experts, Liz Pulliam Weston,  Dave Ramsey, the money coach, MP Dunleavey, Mint.com, Aaron Patzer, Howard Dvorkin, Michelle Singletary, Washington Post
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-cell-phone-contract-deposit-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-cell-phone-contract-deposit-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting a cell phone? Mind that other number: your credit score	If you want to get the latest iPhone or other fancy cell phone, you may find your credit score is a key number. A bad one turns your phone into an expensive connection.	credit, card, cell, phone, iPhone, contract, service 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-point-credit-card-mistakes-grade-scale-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-point-credit-card-mistakes-grade-scale-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How bad are your credit card mistakes? 	All mistakes with your credit cards are bad, but not all are equally bad. Grade yours on this 10-point scale.	credit, report, score, scale, mistake, 10, point
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-gifts-inheritance-after-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-gifts-inheritance-after-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will cash gifts, inheritance go to creditors after bankruptcy?	If you recently filed for bankruptcy and are now looking at an inheritance, it's best to make other arrangements for that cash or it could end up going to your creditors.	credit, card, bankruptcy, inheritance, debt, gift, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-disasbility-debt-triples-income-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-disasbility-debt-triples-income-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when debt triples your income	When your debt load is more than triple your income, it's time to seek a solution. Debt counseling, debt settlement and possible bankruptcy can set you free.	credit, debt, ossenfort, counseling, settlement, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-flu-tips-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-flu-tips-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 flu-fighting credit card tips 	Cards can carry germs, but with these precautions, you can be an inhospitable host for flu and other bugs.	credit, card, flu, tips, germs, bugs, swine
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-no-hikes-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-no-hikes-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs fall slightly, reversing recent rate-hike trend	Credit card interest rates dropped slightly this week, after several banks made a commitment to abstaining from additional rate hikes. 	credit, cards, interest, rates, APRs, report, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-transaction-exceed-100-billion-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-transaction-exceed-100-billion-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial transactions surpass 100 billion in 2009	The number of electronic and check transactions taking place will reach record levels, surpassing 100 billion by the end of 2009.	transactions, 100, billion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-cards-collectibles-09-star-trek-twilight-new-moon-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-cards-collectibles-09-star-trek-twilight-new-moon-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Collectible gift cards can be both practical and fun	Although the holidays this year are expected to be heavy on practical presents, giving gift cards can still be fun -- including those featuring 'Twilight' and 'Star Trek' themes.	gift, cards, collectible, twilight, new, moon, star, trek
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-fico-credit-score-pay-bills-time-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-fico-credit-score-pay-bills-time-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want a better FICO score? Step  No. 1: Pay bills on time	Paying your bills on time every time is vital, but it's just the start to building a good credit score.	credit, scores, report, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-couples-avoid-arguments-sharing-cards-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-couples-avoid-arguments-sharing-cards-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: How to avoid arguments when sharing credit	Personal finance columnist Erica Sandberg discusses why there are problems when it comes to sharing credit. She also gives solutions for couples having problems and tips on what to discuss so you can avoid any arguments.	credit, cards, relationships
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jon-kate-gosselin-plus-8-money-mistakes-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jon-kate-gosselin-plus-8-money-mistakes-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Jon and Kate's 8 plus-size money mistakes	The paparazzi-pursued loco parental units of reality TV, the Gosselins, set an example, say money experts -- of what NOT to do financially.	Jon, kate, gosselin, sextuplets, twins, children, plus 8, money, mistakes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/equifax-study-credit-card-scores-trend-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/equifax-study-credit-card-scores-trend-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Low credit score? Good luck getting a new credit card, study says	Consumers receive far fewer credit cards than a year ago; those approved for cards have better credit scores, says a study by credit bureau Equifax. 	Issuers, consumers more conscious of credit use and accounts, new report reveals
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-delinquent-debt-credit-score-mortgage-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-delinquent-debt-credit-score-mortgage-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't let delinquent debt keep you from getting a mortgage	Getting serious about buying a house someday? Those delinquent debts have got to go or your dreams of home ownership may remain just that -- a dream. 	credit, score, report, mortgage, home, own
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/toys-r-us-joins-layaway-plan-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/toys-r-us-joins-layaway-plan-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Toys R Us joins retailers offering layaway plans	The toy retailer became the latest to join in resurrecting the once-popular 'Pay now, buy later' plan.	layaway, retail, plan, finance, money, down, toys r us
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-health-card-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-health-card-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Health care cards carry same credit risks	Sure, you can charge that MRI, but be warned: health care credit cards are the same -- or worse -- than regular credit cards.	health, care, credit, cards, CareCredit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-prevent-overdraft-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-prevent-overdraft-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to prevent bank overdraft fees	Banks and credit unions collected nearly $24 billion in overdraft fees last year. Find out how you can help keep some of that money in your pocket.	credit, debit, card, overdraft, fees, banks, credit, unions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-calculating-credit-card-interest-charges-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-calculating-credit-card-interest-charges-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card interest charges accrue on a daily basis	With daily periodic interest charges adding to your credit card balances, the odds of making a dent in your debt by paying just the minimum is minimal.	credit, card, interest, daily, balance, charges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugality-fad-consumer-saving-spend-recession-behavior-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugality-fad-consumer-saving-spend-recession-behavior-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Frugality: Just a fad? Or will consumers keep saving post-recession?	The tanking economy brought us recession chic. It became cool to clip coupons, throw potlucks and swap used items, but how long will it last?	recession, credit, cards, card, debt, depression
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-remain-flat-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rates-remain-flat-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rates flat as banks look for other ways to boost profits	Interest rates may be flat, but don't cheer yet: Banks are simply shifting their money-making strategies, experts say.  	credit, card, APR, rates, flat, CreditCards.com, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/implement-credit-card-act-sooner-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/implement-credit-card-act-sooner-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	House committee: Move up credit card law	A key U.S. House committee voted to move up implementation of interest rate restrictions in the Credit CARD Act by nearly three months to Dec. 1, 2009, to fast-track consumer protections.	credit, card, act, reform, house, financial, services
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-step-plan-traveling-with-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-step-plan-traveling-with-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid headaches with this 5-step plan for traveling with credit cards	You may think about how to pay for a trip, but do you think about how to pay for things during your voyage? These 5 steps will get you and your credit cards abroad and back safely.	credit, cards, travel, debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/military-recruiting-credit-checks-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/military-recruiting-credit-checks-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Uncle Sam wants you ... unless your credit stinks	You may be ready to serve your country, but if your finances aren't in good shape, you might get flunked out.	credit, score, report, army, navy, air, force, marines, coast, guard, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/convenience-checks-cost-you-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/convenience-checks-cost-you-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	For convenience checks, you pay a price	Sign a check to tap a credit line for instant cash, but convenience costs: Watch out for fees, ID thieves.	credit, card, cards, convenience, checks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-no-interest-same-as-cash-deals-pitfalls-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-no-interest-same-as-cash-deals-pitfalls-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When the no-interest, same-as-cash deal clock runs out	If you aren't diligent about paying off a balance during the a no-interest period, you face the high-interest gauntlet. Here's what you can do.	credit, card, cards, no, interest, same-as-cash, APR, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-tips-first-home-buyer-tax-break-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-tips-first-home-buyer-tax-break-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't blow first-time home buyer tax credit with credit card bills	Running up credit card bills before closing can jeopardize that $8,000 tax break you were hoping would make you a first-time home buyer. 	first, time, home, buyer, owner, tax, credit, $8,000
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-what-expect-from-credit-counseling-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-what-expect-from-credit-counseling-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: How to pick the right credit counseling agency	Erica Sandberg, columnist for CreditCards.com, explains what to expect when you visit a credit counseling agency. She also describes what you should look for in a credit counselor and how to find one that is right for you.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-budgeting-retirement-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-budgeting-retirement-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt can slow down retirement goals	Debt happens. But how you handle it depends on whether you take charge of it or you allow it to take charge of you.	credit, card, debt, bills, retirement, college, expenses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-opt-out-mistakes-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-opt-out-mistakes-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 credit card opt-out oopses to avoid	Even if you’ve opted out of a credit card interest rate increase, these costly mishaps can trigger an unwanted rate hike.	credit card, credit cards, opt-out, opt out, interest rates, credit card fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-living-off-credit-cards-for-year-bad-idea-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-living-off-credit-cards-for-year-bad-idea-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Living off credit cards alone for a year is a terrible idea	Credit cards were never meant to be used to replace income over a long period of time, and using them that way can bring big trouble. 	credit, cards, report, debt, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-charge-off-delinquency-sept-2009-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-charge-off-delinquency-sept-2009-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rise in delinquencies signals prolonged credit card woes	Though charge-offs decreased during September, the credit card industry braces for an eventual  increase in noncollectable debt as delinquencies rise. 	credit, card, delinquency, rate, unemployment, charge, off, chargeoff
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-comparison-table-09-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-comparison-table-09-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2009 gift card comparison table	Times are tough, but gift cards will continue to be a popular present during the 2009 holiday season. Use this chart to find the gift card that's best for you.	gift card, gift cards, holiday, gift card chart
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-golden-rules-practical-gift-card-givng-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-golden-rules-practical-gift-card-givng-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	11 golden rules of practical gift card giving	Pampering at the spa? Expensive round of golf? Out. Practical gifts are in this holiday season, and that goes for gift cards, too.	gift, card, credit, practical, christmas, hanukkah, holidays
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-discover-credit-card-terms-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-discover-credit-card-terms-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover debuts reform-law compliant credit card terms	Discover is the first of the major credit card issuers to give cardholders details of new terms under credit card law provisions.	discover, credit card, credit, credit card law, law, consumers, union, interest rate hikes, aprs, credit card act of 2009
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-november-2009-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-monetary-policy-statement-november-2009-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed leaves rates unchanged again, stays positive about economy	The Federal Reserve left its lending rates unchanged again on Wednesday, even as the central bank reiterated that the economy is on the mend.	interest rates, federal reserve, fomc, monetary policy, ben, bernanke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-pay-down-debt-quickly-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-pay-down-debt-quickly-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to pay $12,000 in credit card debt quickly	When it comes to paying off card debt, it's important to remember that there's no quick fix. Determination and patience will do the trick.	credit, card, debt, pay, off, debt, settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-skip-settling-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-skip-settling-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	There's a cost to paying less than you owe	Before you jump at the chance to pay less than what you owe, think about what settling your debt will end up costing you. 	credit, card, debt, lowe's, settlement, taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-reduction-credit-card-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-reduction-credit-card-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers: Sorry, new law says we can't cut your rates	Credit card issuers turn on its head the reform law that bans sudden rate increases; they say that it also forbids quick rate cuts.	credit card law, credit card act, interest rate, apr, jeb hensarling, carolyn maloney, barney, house of representatives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-credit-card-interest-rate-report-123009-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-credit-card-interest-rate-report-123009-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rates dip again, but more hikes likely coming soon	Interest rates on new credit card offers declined slightly this week, although experts say that dip doesn't mean cardholders should expect borrowing on plastic to get cheaper anytime soon. 	credit, card, rate, report, apr, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-discover-FOMC-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-discover-FOMC-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rates steady this week, but banks keep tweaking other terms	Banks may have left rates unchanged this week, but they nevertheless made some changes behind the scenes that could impact cardholders' pocketbooks	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-skyrockets-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-theft-skyrockets-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Identity theft booms, even as thieves rely on old-fashioned methods	Identity theft is booming again for the first time in years, and fraudsters are staying old fashioned and opting to go after your wallet or laptop, insurance giant Travelers reported	identity, theft, fraud, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-stipulated-judgments-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-stipulated-judgments-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stipulated judgments: the 'secret' savior	If you've been sued due to nonpayment, getting something called a stipulated judgment can save you from having your wages garnished  or your property seized. 	credit, card, stipulated, judgment, nonpayment, sue, suing, owe, owing, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances fall sharply again	Consumers have spent the past year living frugally, new Federal Reserve data shows -- and analysts say an anti-debt mindset isn't likely to change anytime soon. 	federal, reserve, consumer, credit, g.19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-reward-credit-cards-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-reward-credit-cards-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com 2010 retail credit card chart	The retail credit card landscape changed quite a bit from 2009 to 2010, with retailers boosting APRs on their credit cards and reducing rewards.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-how-fast-credit-score-recover-mistakes-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-how-fast-credit-score-recover-mistakes-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How fast does your credit score recover from your goofs?	If you make smart decisions, those old credit goofs will hurt your score less and less over time. How much less? Well, that's still a bit of a mystery.	credit, score, fico, report, mistakes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-how-many-credit-cards-do-you-need-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-how-many-credit-cards-do-you-need-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How many credit cards do you need? There's no perfect answer	There's no single, easy answer for how many credit cards someone should have. After all, It's not the number of cards you have, it's what you do with them that matters the most	credit, score, report, card, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2009-q3-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2009-q3-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks continue to tighten credit card lending standards	When it comes to tightening lending, the Fed survey of senior loan officers shows credit card issuers have gone from death grip to light squeeze.	credit, cards, APRs, rate, loan, officers, prime, subprime, utilization, ratio, limits, cuts, interest, rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugality-forecasters-lasting-temporary-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugality-forecasters-lasting-temporary-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Forecasters weigh in on new frugality	Is the new frugality here to stay? Two economic forecasters debate whether American consumers will continue to cut corners or return to big spending.	frugal, frugality, forecaster, economy, American, consumers, loans, credit, cards, HELOC, mortgage, baby, boomers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-homeowner-debt-down-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-homeowner-debt-down-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American consumers getting a grip on debt	More American consumers are paying down -- and even paying off -- their debts, according to a September survey commissioned by Wells Fargo & Co. and conducted by Ipsos Marketing, a marketing research company.   	credit card, credit cards, savings, debt, saving money, homeowner, homeowner saving 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-getting-credit-card-when-under-18-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-getting-credit-card-when-under-18-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minors seeking a credit card will need a helping hand from parents	A 16-year-old reader wants to know how she can get her own credit card. The answer: with a little help from mom or dad.	credit, card, history, score, minor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-married-debt-nightmare-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-married-debt-nightmare-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! My husband's debt is ruining our credit	Before marriage, her credit was great. Now, her husband's debts are making their lives unmanageable. Is there hope?	debt, credit, card, score, report, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-car-loan-default-options-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-car-loan-default-options-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In default on car loan: What to do?	If you are in default on a car loan, but want to make amends, it might help to sit down with the lender and discuss possible payment options.	car, loan, default, payment, repossession
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/opt-in-fed-debit-card-overdraft-fee-rules-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/opt-in-fed-debit-card-overdraft-fee-rules-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Consumers must opt in to debit card overdraft fees	Consumers must opt in to debit card overdraft fees, new Federal Reserve rules say. Congress is still pushing ahead on a more-sweeping overdraft law.	debit, card, overdraft, fee, federal, reserve, law, banks, credit, unions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-loan-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-loan-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rates' ascent shows no sign of slowing	It just keeps getting more and more expensive to be a credit card holder -- and analysts say there's little change in sight.	credit, card, apr, rate, report, federal, reserve, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-points-mistakes-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-points-mistakes-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO reveals how common credit mistakes affect scores	For the first time, the credit scoring firm discloses how many points a  score will fall due to late payments or other errors.	FICO, late, score, pay, calculation, mistakes, errors, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-federal-reserve-regulations-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-federal-reserve-regulations-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed issues rules restricting gift card fees, expiration	Clearer disclosures of gift fees terms and conditions are also included in the rules that take effect in August 2010.	gift, card, credit, dormancy, fee, expiration
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-key-laws-protect-credit-cardholders-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-key-laws-protect-credit-cardholders-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 key federal laws help protect credit cardholders	There are many federal laws that are in a credit cardholder's corner, and it's important that prospective and current cardholders are knowledgeable about their legal rights. Here are the top five laws covering consumer credit that you need to know.	credit, card, law, act, fair, billing, debt, collection, reporting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/model-privacy-rights-notice-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/model-privacy-rights-notice-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Agencies release new consumer privacy rights notice forms	Federal agencies released samples of model privacy rights notices that are simpler and easier to understand. But banks are not required to use the forms.	privacy rights, opt out, notices, banks, credit card issuers, federal reserve, consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-escape-exit-cosign-loan-credit-card-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-escape-exit-cosign-loan-credit-card-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Escaping co-signing: How to get out of a co-signed loan, credit card	Despite experts' advice, you did it anyway: You co-signed a for a loan or credit card. Now that you've wised up, can you escape? Maybe.	co-sign, loan, credit, card, escape, exit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-questions-co-sign-credit-card-loan-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-questions-co-sign-credit-card-loan-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 questions to ask before you co-sign on a credit card	Explore alternatives and find out what you're in for with these questions for anyone who asks you to be a co-signer on a credit car or other loan.	questions, ask, credit, card, loan, co-sign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-affects-new-marriage-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-affects-new-marriage-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How bad credit affects a new marriage	If your credit is bad and your new spouse's is good, you need to take certain steps not to taint the good credit spouse.	credit, report, bad, credit, marriage, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-options-before-bankruptcy-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-options-before-bankruptcy-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Explore all options before declaring bankruptcy	You may think bankruptcy will solve all your debt problems, but it also creates a whole new, lasting set of issues that will take a long time to recover from.	credit, card, debt, management, plan, counselor, bankruptcy, Chapter 7, Chapter 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-weekly-rate-report-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs fall sharply, but you shouldn't get too excited	Annual percentage rates on new credit card offers fell sharply this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, but don't expect your APR to drop, too. 	credit, card, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-3-fun-ways-wrap-gift-card-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-3-fun-ways-wrap-gift-card-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card video: 3 fun ways to wrap a gift card	Spice up those impersonal gift cards this holiday season with some fun, creative gift wrapping suggestions. Cynthia Drake with CreditCards.com offers some inexpensive and easy ways to make those presents more exciting.	gift, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-credit-card-bad-manners-etiquette-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-credit-card-bad-manners-etiquette-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card etiquette: Avoid these 8 examples of bad plastic manners	We hope you don't recognize yourself in  these examples of bad (credit) manners, but if you do have lapses in your crediquette, we can set you on the path to plastic refinement.	credit, card, etiquette, boorish, manners, score, creditquette
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advertisements-credit-cards-economy-changes-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/advertisements-credit-cards-economy-changes-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card ads reflect changes in economy, public attitudes	Gone are the days when credit card ads encouraged spending and more spending. They feel our economic pain, and are here for us now.	spending, ad, advertisement, commercials, TV, credit, card, mastercard, visa, american, express, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zero-liability-debit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zero-liability-debit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card users now more protected from fraud, study says	Debit card users at the nation's 25 largest banks have fraud protection that's long been reserved just for credit cardholders, a new study reveals: They no longer have to pay a cent if fraudulent charges are made on their debit card. 	debit, card, fraud, credit, identity, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-inactivity-impact-prisoner-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-inactivity-impact-prisoner-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How going to jail impacts your credit	Having zero-balance credit cards go unused during an 18-month prison sentence shouldn't cause a cardholder's credit to suffer -- unless the issuer decides to close the idle account.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-credit-cards-rates-rewards-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-credit-cards-rates-rewards-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com survey: Retail credit cards boost rates, cut rewards	Even more hard-hit than regular credit cards, retail cards are reducing reward programs and raising rates to compensate for their higher charge-off rates.	credit, card, retail, outlook, discounts, rewards, programs, charge-offs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-get-out-debt-new-year-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-get-out-debt-new-year-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to clean up a holiday credit card mess	The fun's over. Come January, that holiday joy turns into debt regret. It's important to shed this debt quickly, and to learn how to prevent the same troubles next year. 	credit card, credit cards, holiday shopping, holiday debt, getting out of debt, debt reduction, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-authorized-user-ex-wife-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-authorized-user-ex-wife-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When your credit's still married and you're not	Jointly held credit card accounts can still haunt you years after you divorce. Make sure your ex is off and stays off your credit report.	credit, card, authorized, user, joint, account, holder, credit, report, credit, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-parents-pay-off-childrens-debts-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-parents-pay-off-childrens-debts-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Two out of five parents giving adult children bailouts	Nearly 42 percent of people with adult children say they have paid off debts for their offspring at some point, according to a new CreditCards.com scientific poll.	poll, debt, bailout, parents, children, credit card, mortgage, student loans, medical bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-escape-credit-card-fees-cycle-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-escape-credit-card-fees-cycle-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to escape the credit card fee cycle	Once you miss a payment or pay less than the minimum, you're setting yourself up for a never-ending spiral into the credit card fee abyss.	credit, card, fee, abyss, late, fee, APR, over-limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buyers-guide-gift-card-purchase-5-questions-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buyers-guide-gift-card-purchase-5-questions-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buyers' guide to gift cards: 5 questions to ask before buying	Want to save money on gift card purchases? Ask yourself some key question and do a bit of homework; your extra effort can mean cash left over in your pocket. 	gift, card, buyer, guide, discount
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-rate-report-bofa-aprs-rise-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-rate-report-bofa-aprs-rise-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BofA rate hikes push national average credit card APR higher	Annual percentage rates on new credit card offers rose slightly this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, as Bank of America increased rates on two of its cards.  	rate, report, credit, card, apr, interest, bank, of, america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-social-security-debt-garnishment-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-social-security-debt-garnishment-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can debt collectors garnish Social Security?	Social Security benefits are usually protected from debt collectors, but you need to take steps so those funds are never frozen.	credit, card, debt, collector, Social, Security, funds, frozen, account, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-remove-old-negative-information-from-credit-report-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-remove-old-negative-information-from-credit-report-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Decade-old credit mistakes shouldn't appear on your report	A delinquent loan should no longer appear on your credit report if the loan's more than seven years old. But if it does, take steps to remove it ASAP.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-personal-loan-credit-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-personal-loan-credit-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal loans offer less risky alternative to credit cards	Think of a personal loan as a credit card's more-stable, less-popular cousin -- it's just as pricey, but its terms tend to be fixed.	personal, loan, credit, debt, fixed, terms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/uigea-gambling-enforcement-delay.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/uigea-gambling-enforcement-delay.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Enforcement delayed on Internet gambling ban	Federal regulators gave credit card-wielding gamblers -- and the banking industry -- six more months before an Internet gambling ban goes into effect.	gamble, gambling, unlawful, internet, credit card, act, frank, ban, uigea
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-financial-infidelity-overcoming-secret-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-financial-infidelity-overcoming-secret-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cope when spouse's secret debts come to light	When you learn your spouse has piled up huge credit card debts in secret, it's best to face the issue directly and honestly, and then make a plan for paying the debt off.	credit, card, debt, secret, spouse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-thanksgiving-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-rate-report-aprs-unchanged-thanksgiving-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged after holiday	Credit card issuers took a holiday from raising interest rates this week, as experts began to see signs that consumers' access to credit may be starting to ease.  	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-hardship-programs-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-debt-hardship-programs-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A desperate debtor's option: hardship programs	Your debt's sky high and even meeting the minimum payment is out of reach. Here's hope: Some card issuers will allow you to enter into a hardship program to help you meet your obligations, but on more reasonable terms 	credit, card, debt, hardship
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minor-responsible-medical-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minor-responsible-medical-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who's liable for a minor's medical debt?	If your parents agreed to pay for a surgery you had as a minor, but they fell behind on payments, debt collectors have no right to come after you for the money -- even if you're no longer a minor.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-cell-phone-payments-credit-report-verizon-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-cell-phone-payments-credit-report-verizon-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why cell phone payments don't help your credit	Don't look for your cell phone provider to report your payment history -- good or bad -- to credit bureaus, unless you're so late with payments that they opt to close your account.	cell, phone, credit, report, verizon, att, sprint, t-mobile
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall again, Fed says	Credit card balances fell for the 13th straight month in October, according to Federal Reserve data.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/david-back-credit-card-strategies-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/david-back-credit-card-strategies-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Author David Bach talks plastic strategies	The Oprah-approved financial guru and author rings in 2010 with  "Start Over, Finish Rich, " offering 10 steps to get you back on track in the coming year.	credit, card, balances, hardship, program, interest, good, credit, bad, credit, score, CreditCards.com, David, Bachs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall again in October, Fed says	Credit card balances fell again in October, according to Federal Reserve data, leaving the average card-carrying American household with nearly $1,000 less in credit card debt than it had a year ago. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-tips-losing-gift-card-funds-breakage-spillage-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-tips-losing-gift-card-funds-breakage-spillage-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't be 'breakage' -- 8 tips to avoid losing gift card value	About $5 billion worth of gift cards go unused yearly. The industry calls that lost value 'breakage,' or 'spillage' and it means big profits for them and lost money for you.	gift, card, breakage, retail, holiday
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-lessons-rich-famous-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-lessons-rich-famous-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Celebrity credit card lessons: The famous who became not so rich	If we had the kind of money celebrities had, we'd do a better job managing our credit card debt, right? Judging by these celebrity credit card stories, maybe not.	credit, card, debt, celebrity, Tori, Spelling, Ed McMahon, Kim Kardashian, Courtney Love, American, Express, Aaron Spelling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-debt-free-holidays-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-debt-free-holidays-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 ways to stay debt-free during the holidays	You have been good all year: You've budgeted fanatically, spent judiciously, whittled down debt ... and now the holidays are here. How do you resist the plastic?	credit, card, debt, holidays, budget, gift, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-multiple-opt-outs-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-multiple-opt-outs-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The mystery of multiple opt outs explained	Your rate's jacked, so you opt out and continue to pay off your balance at the old APR. But then your rate increases again. What gives?	credit, card, rate, increase, opt, out, APR, cardholder, agreement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-holiday-gifts-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-holiday-gifts-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 tricks to not rack up card debt during the holidays	Here are some tactics you can use to enjoy the holiday season without racking up a lot of credit card debt.	credit, card, debt, holidays, gift, giving, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-disclosure-ftc-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-disclosure-ftc-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. seeks clear path to (really) free credit reports	Ever try to claim one of your 'free' credit reports and get sidetracked or charged a fortune? The Federal Trade Commission wants new rules that clear the clutter.	free credit report, credit report, freecreditreport.com, federal trade commission, ftc, credit card act, experian, ads, tv, radio
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-report-bofa-raises-interest-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-report-bofa-raises-interest-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates keep moving higher	Credit card interest rates jumped slightly again this week, as banks continued to make it more and more costly for consumers to use their plastic.	credit, card, apr, interest, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-agency-house-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-agency-house-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. House approves consumer financial protection watchdog	The U.S. House approved sweeping financial reforms that include creating a watchdog agency to safeguard consumers from abuses and deception in credit cards, mortgages and other financial products.	consumer financial protection agency, house of representatives, credit cards, financial services, watchdog, regulator
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/creative-new-fees-card-act-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/creative-new-fees-card-act-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Creative new fees escape CARD Act rules, surprise consumers	The Credit CARD Act of 2009 puts the lid on some longtime charges levied against cardholders, but a new report shows that a crop of fees are quietly taking their place. 	credit, card, CARD Act, fees, variable, rate, fixed, variable, foreign, transaction, late, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-improve-credit-score-utilization-ratio-timing-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-improve-credit-score-utilization-ratio-timing-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Improving a great credit score comes down to timing	Bad timing can hurt even high credit scores. But if you watch when you pay your bills, that may help bump up your score a bit.	credit, score, utilization, ratio, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/co-sign-credit-cards-comeback-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/co-sign-credit-cards-comeback-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Co-signed credit cards: Unloved option poised for comeback?	Experts say they're a financial hand grenade, issuers rarely offer it, yet the co-signed credit card may be making a comeback as a more-regulated industry searches for its lost profits.	co-sign, signer, credit, card, responsible, comeback
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-minimum-monthly-payments-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-minimum-monthly-payments-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'No payment, no interest' credit card deal? No way	Make no mistake: If you've got a credit card with a balance, you've got a minimum payment to make each month. If you don't make it, you're asking for trouble.	credit, card, minimum, monthly, payments, report, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-december-2009-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-december-2009-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve again leaves interest rates unchanged	The Federal Reserve left its lending rates unchanged again on Wednesday, and experts say it's likely to continue that plan until sizable numbers of unemployed Americans begin finding work.  	federal, reserve, fed, fomc, monetary, policy, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-instant-credit-card-offers-impact-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-instant-credit-card-offers-impact-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Instant in-store credit card offers in danger of extinction	Retailers say instant credit card offers won't be possible if consumers have to provide paycheck stubs or other income information at the cash register.	retail, store, credit card, credit cards, credit card act, credit card law, instant credit, shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-son-authorized-user-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-son-authorized-user-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Adult son racks up $20,000 on mom's cards	When an adult child abuses a parent's trust and charges more than $20,000 on joint cards, it's time to get tough and start selling his stuff.	credit, card, authorized, user, bankruptcy, eBay, Craig's, List
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-use-cash-car-auto-credit-cards-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-use-cash-car-auto-credit-cards-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tough choice: credit card debt vs. down payment on a car loan	Yes, you can raise your credit score by paying down card debt, but you don't want to get upside down on a car loan in the meantime.	credit, card, cards, score, FICO, car, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-counselor-crazy-client-stories-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-counselor-crazy-client-stories-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tales from the credit crypt: Counselors' crazy debt client stories	Think you can astonish a credit counselor with your $20,000 credit card debt? Not a chance. Here are some stories from the trenches.	credit, card, credit, counselor, debt, divorce, home, equity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/life-cycle-delinquent-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/life-cycle-delinquent-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interactive: Life cycle of a delinquent credit card account	The longer your debt goes unpaid, the more it changes hands. Learn the ins and outs of the delinquent debt cycle in this interactive presentation.	debt, delinquent, debt cycle
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-multiple-medical-bills-collectors-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-multiple-medical-bills-collectors-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hold collectors at bay by keeping accounts current	When faced with multiple bills, it's better to pay a little on all of them rather than paying down one bill first and making the others wait.	medical, bills, hospital, debt, collection, current
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-credit-card-interest-rate-report-121709-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/weekly-credit-card-interest-rate-report-121709-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates keep climbing higher	Interest rates on new credit card offers climbed higher this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, as banks continue to charge cardholders more to carry a balance. 	credit, card, rate, report, apr, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How and when to use 'emergency' credit cards	It's the end of the month, you're down to your last dollar before payday and your car breaks down. What do you do? Do you pull out the plastic?	emergency, credit, card, debit, card, cash, annual, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-guide-to-junk-mail-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-guide-to-junk-mail-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A consumer's guide to reading junk mail	You may think you're already a pro at sorting out junk mail, but today, with the stakes higher, the rules changing and some bills arriving in disguise, you may need a refresher on recycling, a crash course on trash.	trash, junk, debris, statement, credit card, bill, sort, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-premier-79-rate-fees-credit-card-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-premier-79-rate-fees-credit-card-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuer of 79.9% interest rate credit card defends its product	Subprime credit card marketers are looking for ways around new restrictions on sky-high fees for bad credit cards. One option they're testing: sky-high interest rates.	first premier, premier bankcard, 79.9, percent, apr, interest rate, credit card act, usury rate, law, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-4-best-worst-things-about-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-4-best-worst-things-about-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The 4 best and worst things about credit cards	A college student writing a term paper gets Erica's description of the best and worst aspects of credit cards?	credit, cards, best, worst
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/expert-tips-keeping-making-financial-new-years-resolutions-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/expert-tips-keeping-making-financial-new-years-resolutions-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping New Year's resolutions: experts' tips	Three in four Americans will make a financial-related New Year's resolution for 2010, a survey says. But will they keep it? We speak with four experts who offer tips for making -- and sticking to -- your goals for the new year.	new, year, credit, card, resolution, debt, expert, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-gift-card-tips-suggestions-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-gift-card-tips-suggestions-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Giving charity gift cards? Mind the fine print	Whether you're looking for a tax write-off, a meaningful gift for a loved one or just a way to do a good deed, you may want to consider a charity gift card. But be warned: These cards' fine print can hold terms that are, well, less than charitable. 	gift, cards, charity, credit, holiday
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-percent-promotional-teaser-rate-opt-out-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-percent-promotional-teaser-rate-opt-out-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You can't opt out of credit card teaser rates	Promotional (teaser) APRs are temporary and that was disclosed when you got the credit card, so you can't keep a 0 percent rate forever and opt out of the higher, permanent rate.	temporary, teaser, opt out, promotional, increase, rate, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-going-away-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-binding-arbitration-going-away-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More credit card issuers ditch mandatory binding arbitration	With legal pressure ramping up against the often-criticized way to resolve disputes, card issuers are abandoning compulsory arbitration and recasting their agreements with consumers.	arbitration, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-recommendations-improving-fico-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-recommendations-improving-fico-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to read FICO's explanations of what's hurting your credit score	Those recommendations you see on a credit report about how to improve your score are sometimes nothing more than stock responses and shouldn't be taken so literally. They aren't actually personalized to your exact situation.	credit, report, score, fico, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bogus-medical-bill-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-bogus-medical-bill-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to resolve a bogus medical bill	There are steps to take to prevent a bogus medical bill from appearing on your credit report and to deal with it once it shows up.	medical, bill, collection, credit, report, experian, transunion, equifax
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-year-financial-predictions-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-year-financial-predictions-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010	You'll change the ways you and your family will spend, borrow and save, experts predict. 	2010, predict, financial, expert, new year
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spending-predictions-2010-consumer-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spending-predictions-2010-consumer-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Your spending	In experts' views, the worst of the recession is behind us. But so, too, is America's nonchalance toward spending willy-nilly.	consumer, spending, 2010, predictions, expert
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-2010-predictions-forecast-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-2010-predictions-forecast-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Your credit card	Expect dramatic change in an industry roiled by recession, reform. Whether the net is good for consumers is unclear.	credit, card, predictions, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-debit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-debit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Your debit card	As credit cards continue to retreat, debit cards will evolve, advance	prediction, debit, card, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-reward-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-reward-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Rewards cards	For years, card companies footed the bill for these expensive programs. In 2010, rewards will go on a diet of fees and frugality.	predictions, reward, credit cards, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-cell-phones-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-cell-phones-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Phones become payment tools	We may look back on 2010 as the year our cell phone became a pay phone.	financial, predictions, 2010, cell, phones
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-paychecks-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-paychecks-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Your paycheck	One day, perhaps this year, your paycheck may disappear -- replaced by a prepaid card.	predictions, credit, card, prepaid, paycheck
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-housing-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-housing-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Housing's modest comeback	Delinquencies predicted to level off, finally ending the bleeding that took us into a steep recession.	predictions, housing, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-mail-offers-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-mail-offers-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Your mail	Credit card offers fell precipitously in the recession, but experts see a renewed flow in 2010.	credit, card, predictions, 2010, mail, offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-id-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-id-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: ID theft	Like wolves to injured prey, identity thieves are out to turn the recession struggles of average Americans to their own advantage.	credit, card, ID, identity, theft, protection, security, predictions, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-kids-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-finance-predictions-2010-kids-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance predictions for 2010: Your kids	The CARD Act crackdown on campus card promotions will likely have a chilling effect on how young adults obtain credit.	credit, card, predictions, 2010, students
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-hide-debt-credit-card-collectors-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-hide-debt-credit-card-collectors-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't hide debt problems from collectors, friends or family	Being secretive about financial troubles only makes them worse. Being more open and building a support system can help you get through the tough times.	credit, card, debt, delinquent, alimony, unemployed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-authorized-user-piggybacking-removal-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-authorized-user-piggybacking-removal-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cardholders' mistakes can bring down authorized users' credit score	When you're an authorized user on someone else's credit card account, you pay the price for other's credit mistakes. Luckily, you can take steps to minimize the damage.	credit, score, report, mistakes, piggyback, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-debt-relationship-honesty-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-debt-relationship-honesty-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Come clean about debts before they damage your relationship	Our expert advises a young man to tell his fiancee of his credit woes now -- or risk doing a world of damage to his relationship with the most important person in his life.	credit, card, debt, marriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-charge-cards-budgeting-tools-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-charge-cards-budgeting-tools-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare debt-free plastic payment options	Charge cards and debit cards can help you manage cashflow and stay out of debt, but they each come with a risk. Here's how to make them work for you.	credit, card, debit, charge, American, Express, budget, friendly
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2009-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2009-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nevada surpasses Tennessee as highest per capita bankruptcy state 	The average resident of the Silver State was eight times more likely to file for bankruptcy than the average Alaskan, 2009 bankruptcy data show. How does your state rank?	Bankruptcies, per, capita, bankruptcy, state, rank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-nonprofit-credit-counselors-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-nonprofit-credit-counselors-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debtor determined to become debt-free needs a plan	A reader wants to start the new year with a sound financial plan to rid himself of debt and clean up his credit report. To do that will require commitment and a plan.	debt, credit, card, 2010, nonprofit, credit, counselor, aiccca, nfcc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-fall-again-01062010.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-fall-again-01062010.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates drop once again	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell again this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, but the typical borrower may not benefit. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-authorized-user-removal-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-authorized-user-removal-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Daughter's card abuse hurts mom as authorized user	A mom wants to be removed as an authorized user from her daughter's delinquent credit card account. Luckily, it's not that hard.	credit, card, delinquent, credit, score, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-2009-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-2009-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies soared 32% in 2009	A 'perfect storm' of unemployment and plunging house values sends filings up to highest level since a 2005 reform law went into effect.	bankrupt, filings, bankruptcy, 2009
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-life-stages-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-life-stages-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Choose a credit card that matches your life stage	Your finances change as you march through stages of life; shouldn't your credit card choice change, too?	credit, card, choice, choose, change, life, stages
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-09.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-09.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Credit card balances plummet by nearly $14 billion	Americans dumped a record $14 billion in credit card debt in November, according to Federal Reserve data, and experts say the debt shedding won't end anytime soon. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, fed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-networking-social-graphs-credit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-networking-social-graphs-credit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Social networking: Your key to easy credit?	In their quest to identify creditworthy customers, some creditors tap into the information you and your friends reveal in the virtual stratosphere. 	Facebook, creditor, Twitter, Linkedin, demographics, social media, monitoring, social graphs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrant-build-US-UK-credit-history-country-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrant-build-US-UK-credit-history-country-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New arrivals to U.S. need to rebuild credit history	Credit history from a foreign country won't follow you to the United States, although existing financial relationships can help you begin to build a U.S. credit history.	credit, history, bureau, score, report, american, express, barclays, hsbc, equifax, experian, transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-airline-frequent-flier-rewards-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-airline-frequent-flier-rewards-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Frequent flier cards evolve: more complex, but more rewarding	For consumers willing to weigh the costs and advantages of so many different reward programs, the changes can be a real boon. But there’s also no denying that deciphering reward programs is becoming more complicated.	frequent, flier, flyer, rewards, points, fly, airline, compare, credit, cards, programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-divorce-credit-card-revenge-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-divorce-credit-card-revenge-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Resist racking up debt to get back at cheating spouse	You think hitting where it hurts -- his wallet -- will satisfy your hurt? Don't go there as you may end up paying dearly for your revenge.	credit, card, debt, revenge, divorce, community, property, states, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-wage-garnishment-medical-bills-bankruptcy-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-wage-garnishment-medical-bills-bankruptcy-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After medical bills lead to wage garnishment, consider bankruptcy	When a wage garnishment cuts your living expenses substantially, prioritize what's left, buy time and consider bankruptcy.	wage, garnishment, medical, debt, student, loan, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-federal-guidelines-february-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-law-federal-guidelines-february-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed issues final Credit CARD Act rules	The Federal Reserve issued final rules implementing the second phase of the credit card reform law. They are the most significant changes in credit card laws in decades.	credit card law, credit card reform, credit card laws, credit card act, federal reserve, interest rates, terms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-bulk-up-thin-credit-4-easy-steps-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-bulk-up-thin-credit-4-easy-steps-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bulk up your thin credit in 4 easy steps	When getting started with credit, the key is to start small, then build up gradually over time. These four easy steps can get you on your way.	credit, score, fico, report, thin
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-credit-card-capital-one-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-credit-card-capital-one-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One's business card moves send interest rates higher	Interest rates on new credit card offers rose this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, spurred by changes in Capital One's business card offerings. 	interest, rate, credit, card, capital,  one, apr, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-highest-in-three-years-01062010.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-highest-in-three-years-01062010.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hit highest level since 2007	The holiday from rate hikes has ended -- in a big way.Interest rates on new credit card offers skyrocketed this week to their highest levels since October 2007, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	credit, card, rate, report, apr, target, citi, reform, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-protections-in-effect-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-protections-in-effect-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit CARD Act interest rate protections already in effect	With fewer than 45 days to go before major provisions of the new Credit CARD Act take effect, interest rate protections are already in effect for consumers.	credit card act, credit card law, reforms, credit card laws, carolyn maloney, american bankers association, consumers union, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dollar-bill-buck-credit-card-fee-paper-monthly-statements-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dollar-bill-buck-credit-card-fee-paper-monthly-statements-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit card fee: Pay $1 to get your monthly statement	Pay a buck to get a bill sent to you? That's what users of credit cards from Ann Taylor, Victoria's Secret, Beall's and  some 90 other retailers will have do.	buck, bill, monthly, credit, card, statement, beall's, Ann Taylor, retail, Alliance Data Systems
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collectors-become-more-aggressive-break-law-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collectors-become-more-aggressive-break-law-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Debt collection calls growing more frequent, aggressive	A new survey reveals that debt collection calls have become more aggressive, and collectors are abusing laws that protect debtors.	credit, card, debt, collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/haiti-relief-charity-scams-donation-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/haiti-relief-charity-scams-donation-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Haiti disaster brings out charity scams	Disasters ignite donations from generous Americans, but it also brings scammers out from under their rocks. How to tell legitimate charities from the con artists.	charity, scam, donate, donation, credit card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/variable-rate-floor-credit-card-rule-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/variable-rate-floor-credit-card-rule-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed knocks the 'floor' from under variable credit card rates	It's good news for consumers who have variable rate credit card accounts that set floors on how low their rates could drop, but no ceiling on how high they could climb. 	apr, interest rate, variable interest rate, federal reserve, credit card act, credit card law, credit card reforms, fixed rate, floor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-spouse-authorized-user-utilization-ratio-fico-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-spouse-authorized-user-utilization-ratio-fico-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your credit utilization ratio is calculated	The calculation of your credit score combines a wide-angle view of your total combined credit utilization -- including any authorized credit card accounts -- with a close-up view of each individual credit card account.   	fico, credit, score, report, piggybacking, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lee-eisenberg-shoptimism-author-why-we-shop-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lee-eisenberg-shoptimism-author-why-we-shop-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lee Eisenberg, author of 'Shoptimism' on why we shop	Cheer up, says Lee Eisenberg, author of 'Shoptimism,' a new book on why we shop. Americans are going to shop our way back to prosperity just as we have for centuries.	Lee Eisenberg, shoptimism, author, QA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/default-penalty-rates-what-they-are-how-to-avoid-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/default-penalty-rates-what-they-are-how-to-avoid-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card penalty rates can top 30 percent; how to avoid them	Think it costs a lot to use your credit card now? Make a late payment and your interest rate could jump to more than 30 percent.	default, penalty, rate, interest, apr, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-lending-credit-card-relative-responsible-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-lending-credit-card-relative-responsible-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Think twice before lending your credit card -- or it will cost you big	If you let someone -- such as your underage daughter -- borrow your credit card, watch their spending carefully. If they go overboard, you're likely responsible.	credit, card, debt, family, shopping, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-application-income-check-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-application-income-check-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers ready to check cardholder income, assets	Starting Feb. 22, credit card issuers will do financial checkups on potential customers and anyone getting increased credit limits.	credit card, credit limit, application, apply, credit card reform law, credit card act, bank, american bankers association, retail stores, instant credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-higher-credit-card-reform-looms-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-higher-credit-card-reform-looms-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates keep rising as credit card reform looms	As new credit card legislation draws closer, interest rates continue to rise, according to CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report.	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, reform, act, bank, of, america, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-bipolar-credit-card-spending-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heristad-bipolar-credit-card-spending-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take steps to prevent bipolar card splurges	One of the symptoms of bipolar disorder can be overspending. To prevent sudden splurges, there are obstacles you can set up to keep you from charging up a storm.	credit, card, spending, bipolar, disorder, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-minimum-credit-card-payment-too-much-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-minimum-credit-card-payment-too-much-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your options when paying the minimum isn't possible	When living from paycheck to paycheck, any disruption in income can have immediate effects on your financial situation, including not being able to pay the minimum on your cards.	credit, card, cards, minimum, payment, bankruptcy, credit, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-security-number-disclose-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-security-number-disclose-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When you should, shouldn't give out your Social Security number	Some who you do business with legitimately need that nine-digit number, others don't. Give it out too often and you invite identity theft	Social Security, number, ssn, lenders, disclose, give out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delete-credit-history-report-simon-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delete-credit-history-report-simon-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Looking to disappear? Deleting your credit history is far from easy	Erasing your existing credit report is nearly impossible, although you can try to delete parts of your borrowing history.	credit, report, bureau, experian, transunion, chase, erase, history, delete, grid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-debt-problems-seek-help-suicide-thoughts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-debt-problems-seek-help-suicide-thoughts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Get help ASAP when debt leads to suicidal thoughts	Debt, no matter how high, is never a reason to end one's life. If credit card debt has spawned thoughts of suicide, get help from friends, family or professionals.	credit, card, debt, suicide, counseling, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-id-theft-report-wealthy-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-id-theft-report-wealthy-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Affluent are more often victims of ID theft, report shows 	Wealthy consumers who enjoy leisure activities such as tennis, skiing and international vacations are top targets for identity thieves, according to a new report.	identity, theft, fraud, credit, card, wealthy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-bad-credit-card-skyrocket-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-bad-credit-card-skyrocket-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates soar; bad-credit borrowers hit hardest	If you've got bad credit, brace yourself: The average interest rate for a new subprime credit card just shot sky high	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-012710.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-012710.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No change in credit card APRs this week	Credit card interest rates were unchanged this week, as banks paused after pushing rates to heights not seen in more than two years.	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-january-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-january-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates unchanged again	The Federal Reserve once again kept lending rates unchanged on Wednesday, as the central bank waits for clear signals the U.S. economic recovery has begun to accelerate.  	fomc, federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, bernanke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-common-money-mistakes-women-make-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-common-money-mistakes-women-make-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 common money mistakes women make	After more than two years writing for CreditCards.com, "To Her Credit" columnist Sally Herigstad recaps the most frequent financial errors women make 	credit, cards, mistakes, women, make, debt, relationships
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency-reverse-atm-pin-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency-reverse-atm-pin-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Emergency PINs' won't summon help at ATMs	It's not true: Punching your ATM's PIN in reverse won't summon the cops. But Congress liked the urban myth enough to mandate a study of the idea.	PIN, ATM, emergency, police, number, reverse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-reaffirming-debt-bankruptcy-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-reaffirming-debt-bankruptcy-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is reaffirming card debt during bankruptcy wise?	When filing for bankruptcy, a reader want to reaffirm credit card debt, with the hope of still being able to use the card. Chances are slim the card will still be usable.	credit, card, debt, reaffirmation, bankruptcy, unsecured, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-credit-card-transaction-fees-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-credit-card-transaction-fees-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Charitable charging comes under scrutiny	While many card companies waived transaction fees for Haiti donations, some are considering waiving fees on charitable giving permanently. 	credit, card, charity, Haiti, transaction, fees, American, Express, Discover, MasterCard, Visa, Capital One, disaster, giving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-revenge-spending-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-revenge-spending-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card revenge spending	Getting burned by the one you love can inspire the desire to get back by charging up credit accounts. The ultimate cost, however, may be borne by you.	credit, card, cards, revenge, charging, love, infidelity, spending, shopping, consequences
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-shopping-poll-2009-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-shopping-poll-2009-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Americans grumpy after parking their plastic over the holidays	The holiday shopping season was a grumpy affair for many Americans who were struggling to downsize their credit card debt	credit, card, debt, grumpy, holiday, shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2009-q4-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2009-q4-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-tighten-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lending standards show signs of easing, Fed report says	Having spent much of 2009 making it tougher for consumers to get credit, banks largely stood pat in the final three months of the year, according to data released Monday by the Federal Reserve.	senior, loan, officer, survey, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-utilization-ratio-fico-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-utilization-ratio-fico-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	High balance on just one card can hurt credit score	Check your credit score and keep all your cards' balances low or you could upset your attempt to refinance a home	credit, score, utilization, ratio, balance, card, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-piggybacking-authorized-user-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-piggybacking-authorized-user-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Piggybacking is still an option, but proceed with caution	If you're looking to help boost a FICO score, piggybacking as an authorized user on a spouse's credit card account remains an option. But if you're looking to pay to do it, you might be out of luck.	credit, card, authorized, user, piggyback
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-prevent-credit-card-revenge-victim-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-prevent-credit-card-revenge-victim-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways to protect against being a victim of credit card revenge	Just suffered a break-up from a revenge-seeking ex? Here's how to make sure your credit is safe.	credit, cards, card, bureau, fraud, finances, divorce, debt, revenge
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-reduction-loophole-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-reduction-loophole-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds plug loophole that prevented credit card rates from falling	The Federal Reserve fixed a problem in the wording of the Credit CARD Act that would have made consumers wait 45 days if they wanted reduced interest rates.	credit card, credit card reform law, credit card act, federal reserve, advance notice, interest rate, reduce, lower
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-widow-responsible-late-spouse-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-widow-responsible-late-spouse-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you liable for late spouse's card debt?	A widow being pursued by debt collectors wants to know if she is legally responsible for her late husband's credit card debts. The answer's not so simple.	credit, card, debt, collector, widow, death, liability, responsibility, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-networking-credit-card-debt-groups-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-networking-credit-card-debt-groups-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How social networking can help credit card debtors	While social networking groups are virtual, the results from participating in online debt relief support groups are real.	credit, card, debt, online, relief, support, groups, Women in Red Racers, iVillage, social, networking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-moves-before-credit-card-law-takes-effect-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-moves-before-credit-card-law-takes-effect-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 smart things to do before new credit card law takes effect	For some, swift action is called for to lock in a deal before the law's provisions kick in Feb. 22. For others, the best move is to wait. 	credit, card, reform, law, act, best, moves
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-campus-deals-revealed-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-campus-deals-revealed-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Once secret credit card-college marketing deals to be revealed	The credit card reform law requires disclosure of the highly lucrative agreements under which colleges were paid to let card issuers market their wares to students, alumni.	secret, college, university, credit, card, deals, reveal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-student-young-adult-rules-law-changes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-student-young-adult-rules-law-changes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Era of readily available credit cards for young adults ends	Students, once coveted by card issuers, now have fewer choices for obtaining credit.	credit, card, issuers, students, young, adults, co-sign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-settlement-credit-report-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-settlement-credit-report-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Negotiating down card debt and your credit score	You can ask a card company not to report your debt settlement to the credit bureaus, but there's no guarantee that it will comply.	credit, card, cards, debt, settlement, score, negotiating
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-7-simple-ways-create-emergency-savings-fund-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-7-simple-ways-create-emergency-savings-fund-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 simple ways to create an emergency savings fund	You may feel stranded without a credit card, but the sooner you come up with an emergency cash fund, the less reliant you'll be on plastic	credit, card, debt, settlement, emergency, fund, debit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-music-impacts-financial-decisions-money-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-music-impacts-financial-decisions-money-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tuning into your finances: How music impacts your money	There's no denying music can rev up a workout routine, but did you know that music can have a significant impact on your finances, too?	credit, card, finances, music, budget, 401(k), Lady GaGa, Bob Seger, Black-Eyed Peas, Beatles, Colbie Callet, James Taylor, Ingrid Michaelson, Pointer Sisters, John Legend, Robin Thicke, Michael Buble, The Eagles, Beethoven
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-09-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-09-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Consumer credit card balances keep plummeting	Consumers slashed their credit card debt levels by more than $1,600 in 2009, according to the latest Federal Reserve report on consumer credit, and experts say a down economy will continue to leave borrowers with a distaste for debt. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, fed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/not-covered-credit-card-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/not-covered-credit-card-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's NOT covered by the credit card reform law	The sweeping credit card reform act's regulations omit several types  of cards and many practices consumer groups find objectionable.	credit, card, reform, law, omit, regulations, left, out, not, covered
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-score-cosign-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-score-cosign-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consider these options before co-signing for a card	Considering co-signing for your son or daughter's credit card? Know that if you do, you'll bear as much legal responsibility for paying that debt off as he or she will.	credit, card, score, co-sign, act, reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-common-credit-mistakes-how-to-fix-them-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-common-credit-mistakes-how-to-fix-them-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 common credit mistakes -- and how to fix them	One credit mistake can easily lead to another and to another, as one reader found out the hard way. Her mistakes were common -- and easily avoidable.	credit, card, debt, mistake, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/penelope-trunk-ode-to-credit-cards-business-startups-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/penelope-trunk-ode-to-credit-cards-business-startups-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	An ode to credit cards for entrepreneur's business startup cash	Contrarian advice from writer and serial entrepreneur Penelope Trunk, who says credit cards, for all their pitfalls, can be an entrepreneur's best friend.	penelope, trunk, entrepreneur, startup, credit, card, cash, start-up
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rental-car-credit-card-protections-vary-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rental-car-credit-card-protections-vary-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't automatically refuse extra rental car insurance coverage	It used to be a no-brainer -- credit card holders refused those costly additional insurance policies offered by car rental agencies.  Now it's not: The rental agencies charge new fees and the card issuers' policies aren't uniform or universal.	credit, card, rental, car, auto, insurance, additional, coverage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spiderlabs-study-hotels-credit-card-fraud-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spiderlabs-study-hotels-credit-card-fraud-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Hotels a hot spot for credit card fraud	Hackers looking to steal card data checked into the hospitality industry more than any other -- even more than financial service companies -- according to a study by Trustwave's SpiderLabs, an information security company.	hotel, credit, card, fraud, trustwave, spiderlabs, hospitality, industry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cant-make-minimum-payments-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cant-make-minimum-payments-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When even the minimum payment is too much	When making your credit card's minimum payment becomes impossible, you have options. One of those options does NOT include paying less than the minimum.	credit, card, minimum, payment, nonprofit, credit, counselor, wage, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-card-reform-law-unaware-understand-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-card-reform-law-unaware-understand-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: On eve of credit card reform, few understand what new law holds	Significant numbers of consumers are unaware of the most important elements of the new package of credit card rules. Worse, many have erroneous assumptions about what the new rules do address.	consumer, credit, card, reform, law, act, CUNA, CFA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hispanic-non-english-speaking-financial-literacy-study-gao-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hispanic-non-english-speaking-financial-literacy-study-gao-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do non-English-speakers have a chance in today's banking system?	How much does the ability to speak English affect desire or ability to participate in the American banking system? That's what Congress aims to find out with a new study that was mandated by the Credit CARD Act. 	credit, card, act, reform, hispanic, latino
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/javelin-identity-theft-survey-09-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/javelin-identity-theft-survey-09-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Young adults slow to spot ID theft, survey shows	The latest identity theft poll from Javelin Strategy & Research shows that despite their Web savvy, so-called millenials -- young adults between 18 and 24 -- take longer than other age groups to identity and resolves instances of ID fraud. 	id, theft, identity, javelin, credit, fraud, millennials
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-improving-credit-score-piggybacking-spouse-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-improving-credit-score-piggybacking-spouse-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Forget chocolates, lend your credit rating for Valentine's Day	Chocolates? Diamonds? How about doing your sweetie a favor by giving her a better credit rating for Valentine's Day.	credit, score, piggybacking, authorized, user, joint, account, holder, wife, husband
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/white-house-credit-card-act-town-hall-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/white-house-credit-card-act-town-hall-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	White House to answer consumer questions about Credit CARD Act	The White House will answer Americans' questions about the new credit card reform law during a live online town hall at 2 p.m. EST Feb. 22, hosted by CreditCards.com.	credit card reform law, credit card act, credit card law, white house, austan goolsbee, creditcards.com, town hall, questions, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-dumbest-money-moves-lovers-make-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-dumbest-money-moves-lovers-make-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 dumbest money moves lovers make	They can seem oh-so-right at the time, but these five financial blunders linger long after your other is no longer significant.	money, blunder, mistake, dumb, dumber, dumbest, financial, lover, romance, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-record-highs-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-record-highs-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates mostly steady as credit card reform nears	Interest rates on new credit card offers were little changed this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, as the countdown continued toward implementation of major credit card industry reforms.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compucredit-stops-marketing-subprime-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compucredit-stops-marketing-subprime-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CompuCredit leaves subprime credit card marketing business	Subprime lender CompuCredit says it no longer markets its 'fee-harvesting' cards, which drew criticism from consumers, fines from regulators and soon will be outlawed.	subprime, credit, card, compucredit, marketing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-expands-no-signature-credit-card-transactions-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-expands-no-signature-credit-card-transactions-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa expands no-signature-required credit card transactions	That once-familiar credit card ritual -- signing for your purchases -- will become a rarity for purchases under $25 -- and that has some fraud experts worried.	signature, sign, visa, credit, card, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-payment-no-interest-plan-deferred-credit-card-act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-payment-no-interest-plan-deferred-credit-card-act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No payments, no interest -- not anymore!	Traditional 'no interest, no payment' plans are going the way of the cassette tape, done in by a change in federal law that went into effect Feb. 22, 2010	no-interest, no-payment, credit, card, act, reform, deferred, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-1-in-10-americans-gives-up-loses-credit-cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-1-in-10-americans-gives-up-loses-credit-cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	1 in 10 has given up -- or lost -- credit cards in past 8 months	A CreditCards.com poll shows that consumers' newfound frugality and card issuers' punitive actions have caused a mass migration away from credit cards.	credit, card, frugal, poll, roper, gfk, lose, given up
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-smart-credit-card-moves-before-card-act-reforms-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-smart-credit-card-moves-before-card-act-reforms-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: 5 smart moves to make before Feb. 22	Sweeping new credit card laws arrive on Feb. 22, 2010. But before that day, you might want to make one of these smart credit moves.	credit, card, reform, act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-business-card-personal-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-business-card-personal-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Business mistakes can appear on personal credit report	Business mistakes shouldn't impact your personal credit -- unless you've provided your personal guarantee. 	credit, card, score, business, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-interest-rate-hike-no-balance-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-interest-rate-hike-no-balance-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to avoid a rate hike? Don't carry a balance	The best way to deal with a looming credit card interest rate hike is to not carry a balance on your credit card.	credit, card, apr, rate, interest, hike
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-reform-bad-credit-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-reform-bad-credit-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Big changes coming to bad-credit credit cards	The new credit card law -- much of which takes effect on Feb. 22 -- has provisions that protect people with bad credit. Specifically, the law limits fees on subprime credit cards. What other changes will the law bring for those with poor credit?	credit, card, act, reform, bad, poor, thin
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cost-bad-credit-rising-card-act-reform-128265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cost-bad-credit-rising-card-act-reform-128265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cost of bad-credit credit cards rising due to reform law	The passage of federal credit card reform means big changes for those with bad credit. Subprime credit will be available, but expensive and harder to find.	subprime, credit, cards, act, reform, law, changes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-card-act-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-card-act-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates edge lower just ahead of CARD Act implementation	With the Credit CARD Act's implementation just days away, experts say competition for prime borrowers may help keep rates steady. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-rebuilding-credit-after-domestic-violence-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-rebuilding-credit-after-domestic-violence-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for rebuilding your credit after divorce	A disabled domestic violence survivor and divorcee not only needs to rebuild her life, but also her credit.	credit, card, domestic, violence, credit, report, ex-husband, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-not-paying-credit-card-debt-consequences-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-not-paying-credit-card-debt-consequences-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Yes, card issuers can sue you for nonpayment	The road of not paying your credit card accounts is not a pretty one. Expect late fees, higher APRs and, eventually, collections.	credit, card, debt, APR, late, fees, collections
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-law-phase-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-law-phase-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New credit card era begins as consumer protections kick in	It's a new day for credit cards. As of today, new consumer protections within the Credit CARD Act of 2009 take effect.	credit, card, act, reform, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-reform-act-colleges-issuers-marketing-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-reform-act-colleges-issuers-marketing-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: New card law changes relationship between colleges, issuers	The Credit CARD Act changes the once-secret agreements between card issuers and colleges by requiring schools to report any deals they make with card companies to the Federal Reserve Board.  	credit, card, act, reform, college, issuer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-law-white-house-town-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-reform-law-white-house-town-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	White House answers credit card questions	Austan Goolsbee, an economist and White House credit card expert, answered consumer questions about the new credit card reform law during a live town hall webcast on CreditCards.com.	credit card law, credit card reform, credit card act, white house, austan goolsbee, town hall, questions, live, video
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-dementia-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-dementia-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protecting the elderly from credit card collectors	Credit cards and their associated terms and conditions can get very confusing for the elderly who also suffer from dementia. Here's what you can do to help.	credit, card, collectors, bills, elderly, dementia
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-card-act-apr-hike-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-card-act-apr-hike-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CARD Act prevents sudden rate hikes, not annual fees	As issuers struggle to recoup lost fee revenue, many are instituting annual fees on their credit cards. The good news is that your APR is protected.	credit, card, CARD, Act, APR, interest, rate, annual, fee, issuers, lost, revenue
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-steps-clear-minor-card-debt-responsibility-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-steps-clear-minor-card-debt-responsibility-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Clear a minor of responsibility for card debt in 5 steps	A worried grandparent wants to know how she can make sure that her grandson isn't held liable for debt on a credit card that his mother got in his name.	credit, card, fraud, minor, liability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-ftc-rules-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-ftc-rules-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC issues new rules for those that offer (NOT) free credit reports	The Federal Trade Commission issues new rules forcing those offering not-really-free credit reports to disclose prominently that they're not really free.	free, credit, report, rules, ftc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-use-statistics-3372.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-use-statistics-3372.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ATM use in the United States	The amount and use of ATMs in the United States has grown slowly since 1999. Check out this graphic that breaks down the amount of monthly transactions, total stand-alone and total machines and total transactions.	atms, cash machine, statistics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-white-house-town-hall-credit-card-reform-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-white-house-town-hall-credit-card-reform-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: White House town hall on credit card reform	Austan Goolsbee of the President's Council of Economic Advisers answered questions on Feb. 22 about credit card reform and what it means to you. The questions were both submitted live and in advance through CreditCards.com.	credit, card, reform, act, white, house, president
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-card-reform-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-card-reform-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates surge higher as credit card reform arrives	Banks jacked interest rates to record levels this week, getting in their final licks against consumers ahead of the new credit card regulations.  	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-right-dispute-credit-report-error-merchants-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-right-dispute-credit-report-error-merchants-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit report error? You can go directly to the merchant	As of the summer of 2010, if a merchant inserts an error on your credit report, you can force them to investigate the problem. But you have to do it right	credit, report, mistakes, errors, fact, act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-consumer-complaint-credit-2009-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-consumer-complaint-credit-2009-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit complaints see huge jump, FTC says 	Identity theft again topped the list of consumer complaints made to the Federal Trade Commission in 2009, but the number of Americans ticked off about their credit showed the sharpest increase. 	federal, trade, commission, ftc, credit, complaint, identity, theft, id
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-bankruptcy-parent-credit-score-report-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-bankruptcy-parent-credit-score-report-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sharing a roof with a parent doesn't mean sharing their bankruptcy	Adult children who share an address with a parent don't also need to share the credit score damage when that parent files for bankruptcy. 	credit, card, score, bankruptcy, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-financial-phone-apps-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-financial-phone-apps-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After you yap, try a credit card app	Back when, your cell phone was just for talking on the go. Now, mobile banking applications let you manage your finances, and include tools for credit cardholders.	credit, card, mobile, application, app, iPhone, bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-cards-rental-car-insurance-policies-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-credit-cards-rental-car-insurance-policies-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chart: Compare credit cards' rental car insurance policies	It's no longer wise to automatically refuse extra coverage at rental counter. This chart will help you compare policies among major card companies.	compare, credit, card, insurance, coverage, policies, rental, car, auto
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-rebuild-your-credit-after-wage-garnishment-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-rebuild-your-credit-after-wage-garnishment-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 ways to rebuild your credit after wage garnishment	Consistent, timely student loan payments made via wage garnishment don't reflect positively on a credit report. But there are a few steps you can take to improve your standing.	student, loan, credit, report, wage, garnishment, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/white-house-town-hall-credit-card-reform-transcript.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/white-house-town-hall-credit-card-reform-transcript.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	White House online town hall credit card reform transcript	This transcript chronicles the conversation between administration officials and  CreditCards.com readers on Feb. 22, 2010, the day a federal credit card reform law took effect.	transcript, credit, card, reform, law, white, house, chat, online, town, hall
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-1099c-irs-forgiven-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-1099c-irs-forgiven-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Forgiven debt resurfaces at tax time	The IRS is one creditor you cannot ignore. If you receive a 1099-C in the mail for forgiven debt, you have to declare it as income.	credit, card, debt, 1099-C, IRS, collectors, income, taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-first-premier-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-first-premier-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates fall as 59.9% APR credit card goes away	Interest rates pulled back from record levels this week, although cardholders may not have much reason to cheer.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr, first, premier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-shopping-credit-debit-cards-javelin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-shopping-credit-debit-cards-javelin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers shying away from credit cards when shopping online	The poor economy and consumers' growing aversion to carrying large credit card balances may be why more alternative forms of payment are being used for online purchases.	credit, debit, card, javelin, shopping, online, alternative, payments, paypal, billmelater, gift, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-magnets-make-credit-card-mag-stripe-not-work-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-magnets-make-credit-card-mag-stripe-not-work-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can a magnet really make your credit card not work?	Will your card become unreadable if it's exposed to magnets? In a previous story, we said yes, but many of you begged to differ. Seeing that, we took the challenge of clearing things up once and for all. The results surprised us.	credit, card, magnets, identity, theft, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-magnets-make-credit-card-unreadable-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-magnets-make-credit-card-unreadable-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Can magnets really make a credit card unreadable?	If you expose your credit card to a magnet, will it still work? In an earlier video, Cynthia Drake with CreditCards.com said that it would not, but some viewers disagreed. We set out to find the truth -- and the truth took us to a junkyard. 	credit, cards, magnets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-proposed-rules-credit-card-fees-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-proposed-rules-credit-card-fees-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed proposes rules to limit credit card fees	Credit card fees would have to be 'reasonable' and 'proportional' to the offense under new rules proposed by the Federal Reserve.	fees, reasonable, proportional, fed, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-inherited-money-pays-off-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-inherited-money-pays-off-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best use for inheritance: pay debt or create savings?	A reader inherited some money and is on a mission to be debt free, but wonders whether it wouldn't be smarter to put that cash toward retirement instead.	credit, card, debt, car, loan, inheritance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lawsuit-settlement-loan-tips-keep-costs-down.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lawsuit-settlement-loan-tips-keep-costs-down.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to ask before getting a lawsuit settlement loan	You may have seen the ads on TV -- "Cash for injury and employment cases!" These lawsuit loans should be a choice of last resort. But if you're considering one, asking yourself these key questions first can help keep your costs down. 	credit, card, lawsuit, settlement, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall for 16th straight month	Americans increased their overall consumer debt in January for the first time in a year, even as continuing to trim their credit card balances.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, fed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-3-steps-for-simplifying-your-financial-life-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-3-steps-for-simplifying-your-financial-life-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 easy steps to simplify your financial life	Sick of living in financial chaos? Get it all under control without outside help. Here are three steps to get you on your way. 	credit, cards, finances, tips, money, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-cancel-card-act-refinancing-annual-fee-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-cancel-card-act-refinancing-annual-fee-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When refinancing, closing credit card accounts can cost you	When in the midst of a home refinancing and considering an account closure, experts say the price of credit score damage is likely to outweigh the cost of any potential annual fees.	credit, card, act, score, cancel, close, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-travel-perks-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-travel-perks-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card travel perks make them good vacation partners	Travelers can count on all kinds of special treatment from their credit cards. Benefits vary widely; shop for a card that matches your travel plans and desires.	travel, credit, card, benefits, perks, compare
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-from-credit-card-debt-masters-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-from-credit-card-debt-masters-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 credit card disasters who became credit masters	Repaying big card balances is hard enough, but remaining debt-free is even more so. Learn how seven credit card 'disasters' turned into credit card masters.	credit, card, debt, disaster, master, Debtors Anonymous, mortgages, addiction, spending, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-college-card-options-students-parents-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-college-card-options-students-parents-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Parents' 5 other card choices for college-age children	The plastic payment card choices for parents of young adult children changed since new law shuffled the deck.	card, act, 5, five, choices, parents, college, young agult, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreements-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreements-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card agreement: Find yours online	Federal law now requires credit card issuers to post their agreements; find yours from this list.	credit, card, agreement, agreements, list
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-family-relative-steals-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-family-relative-steals-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your options aren't pretty when a relative gets plastic in your name	When a family member steals your identity and racks up credit card debt in your name, you have two options -- neither of which is easy.	credit, card, debt, identity, theft, family, member, police, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-us-bank-near-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-aprs-us-bank-near-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates jump, approach record highs	Credit card interest rates reached their second-highest level on record after U.S. Bank raised rates on several of its cards.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr, u.s., bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-card-statements-minimum-payment-fear-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-credit-card-statements-minimum-payment-fear-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New card statements elicit fear, spur action	New information-packed credit card statements could increase your anxiety. Find out why that's a good thing.	credit, card, debt, CARD, Act, statements, debt, minimum, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-records-keep-how-long-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-records-keep-how-long-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What records to keep and how long to keep them	Keep too few records and you'll be stammering at the IRS agent at audit time. Too much and paper can take over your house. How much is just right?	paper, records, keep, discard, throw away, which, how much
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-asperger-son-steals-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-asperger-son-steals-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card charges made by minors are invalid	When minors use your credit card without your knowledge, the law protects them -- and you -- from having to pay for their mistakes.	credit, card, asperger, charge, go-cart, minor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-piggyback-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-piggyback-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Piggybacking's just one step en route to a better credit score	Borrowers who want to boost their credit scores need to examine their own credit reports first before becoming authorized cardholders on other accounts.	credit, score, fico, piggyback, report, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-places-not-to-use-debit-card-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-places-not-to-use-debit-card-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 places NOT to use your debit card	They may look just like credit cards, but debit cards have different protections and uses. Sometimes they're not the best choice	debit, credit, card, choice, protection, consumer, law, legal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/conservatorship-guardianship-taking-over-finances-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/conservatorship-guardianship-taking-over-finances-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Conservatorships: Stepping in for those who can't help themselves	Watching a family member lose his grip on his finances can be maddening. However, in some cases you can take control by going to court to set up a conservatorship, a legal relationship that makes you the custodian of another adult's finances.	conservatorship, guardianship, britney, spears, credit, card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-debt-collectors-college-student-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-debt-collectors-college-student-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Putting off dealing with debt problems will only make them worse	Our expert tells a struggling college student to stop avoiding her debt problems or they will only get much worse.	credit, cards, debt, college
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-march-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-march-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates at historic lows	Smile, credit cardholders. A decision Tuesday by the Federal Reserve means that, barring a big mistake on your part, your credit card's interest rate won't be increasing anytime soon.  	fomc, federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, bernanke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/finance-games-teach-fiscal-responsibility-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/finance-games-teach-fiscal-responsibility-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 games that clarify credit for kids	Kids learn best from experience, which is why financial games aimed at teaching fiscal responsibility can make a boring topic fun.	credit, card, games, Thrive, Time, Beat, Debt, Bad, Credit, hotel, kids, children
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-credit-card-phone-scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-credit-card-phone-scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of phone calls offering credit card relief	New telephone scams are targeting consumers with promises of lowering credit card interest rates, fixing damaged credit reports.	credit, card, scams, vishing, CFAB, BBB, phone, calls, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chexsystems-checking-account-report-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chexsystems-checking-account-report-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying bills by money order gets expensive	Fear of being turned down by a bank for a checking account can be unfounded. There are ways to find out if you're eligible to have an account.	checking, account, finances, bills, money, order
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-down-credit-card-strategy-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-paying-down-credit-card-strategy-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to pay off $11,000 in card debt in three years	A reader wants to pay off $11,000 in debt on four credit cards in less than three years. Our experts shows him several strategies to help him reach his goal.	credit, card, debt, payoff, strategy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-credit-card-wells-fargo-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-credit-card-wells-fargo-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates fall after Wells Fargo cuts APRs	In what it called a "competitive pricing" move, Wells Fargo drove down the average rates on new credit cards this week by lowering the rates on four of its credit cards.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-cancel-credit-card-fico-score-damage-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-cancel-credit-card-fico-score-damage-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling a card can hurt your credit score	Forced to choose between paying a new fee on your credit card or closing the account? Consider the impact on your credit score.	FICO, credit, score, card, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-options-young-adults-trying-build-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-options-young-adults-trying-build-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to boost your credit? Co-signing with parent still an option	Young people looking for a credit boost can still co-sign with their parents, even with the passage of the Credit CARD Act. In fact, if the young adult doesn't have his own source of income, it might be his only choice.	credit, card, act, boost, income, co-sign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-speedy-estate-settlement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-speedy-estate-settlement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card law compels speedy estate settlement for debt after death	A little-noticed provision of the Credit CARD Act of 2009 makes it easier for the estate's administrator to settle the account in a timely fashion.	credit, card, act, death, debt, speedy, estate, settlement, timely, administrator, personal representative, executor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senate-consumer-financial-protection-bureau-dodd-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/senate-consumer-financial-protection-bureau-dodd-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Senate committee passes reform including consumer financial agency	A wide-ranging Wall Street reform bill that passed a key Senate committee Monday includes a consumer financial protection bureau under the Federal Reserve.	consumer, financial, protection, bureau, fed, reserve, independent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/manisha-thakor-qa-interview-get-financially-naked-book-review-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/manisha-thakor-qa-interview-get-financially-naked-book-review-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with 'Get Naked' author Manisha Thakor	'Get Financially Naked'' with your honey -- or face big money woes, book author says.	book, author, qa, get financially naked, manisha thakor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-wage-garnishment-retirement-disability-income-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-wage-garnishment-retirement-disability-income-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What types of income are protected from wage garnishment?	Typically, retirement and disability income are exempt from being tapped for the repayment of unpaid debt.	credit, card, wage, garnishment, disability, retirement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-financial-spring-cleaning-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-financial-spring-cleaning-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 financial spring cleaning tips	Taking these 10 steps will help you to renew, review, refresh and regrow your finances.	money, spring, cleaning, finances, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-final-rule-fed.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-final-rule-fed.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card rules mean fewer fees, more time to use cards	Concerned that your old gift cards may become little more than worthless plastic before you get the chance to use them? Exhale. That's much less likely than it used to be. 	Federal, Reserve, gift, card, fee, expiration, act, rule, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-missed-credit-card-opt-out-period-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-missed-credit-card-opt-out-period-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Miss the opt out, you pay the price	If you missed your credit card issuer's notice of an interest rate hike and didn't opt out in time, you're left with three choices.	credit, card, issuer, rate, hike, APR, opt out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-impact-credit-card-types-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-impact-credit-card-types-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the Credit CARD Act will affect types of credit cards	The Credit CARD Act has pushed card issuers to make big changes -- and some types of credit cards will be impacted more than others. We look at each type.	credit, card, CARD, Act, low, interest, rewards, business, student, cards, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/magnets-wipe-out-credit-card-data-cell-phones-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/magnets-wipe-out-credit-card-data-cell-phones-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Magnetic mysteries: 6 answers about magnets' impact on credit cards	Can cell phones erase the data on a credit card's magnetic stripe? How about MRI machines or those magnets that keep your purse closed? We took these questions and others to a physics professor in search of the truth.	credit, cards, magnet, data, stripe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/diy-do-it-yourself-customized-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/diy-do-it-yourself-customized-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	DIY, credit card style: Issuers roll out 'do it yourself' cards	More companies are rolling out tools on the Internet that give consumers greater control over the features of their cards	do it yourself, diy, credit, cards, zync, amex, discover, express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-earth-day-plastic-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/green-credit-card-earth-day-plastic-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Industry looks in vain for 'green' credit card to replace plastic	Roughly 6 billion credit cards are produced each year by card manufacturers worldwide. Can they be made from something besides plastic? Not yet	credit, card, green, plastic, manufacture
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-crafty-ways-recycle-reuse-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-crafty-ways-recycle-reuse-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 crafty ways to recycle, reuse old credit cards	Don't want to clutter a landfill with all of the plastic in your wallet? Turn your old, expired cards into clever new creations	credit, card, crafts, earrings, grappling hook, eight, 8
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-perfection-fico-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-perfection-fico-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Meet those who seek a perfect credit score 	We introduce you to credit score superstars -- and learn why and how they keep those precious three digits so high	credit, score, FICO, card, VantageScore, American Express, Transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-lost-credit-card-report-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-lost-credit-card-report-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lost your credit card? Your credit report can help	If you lose all your information about one of your credit cards, don't panic. All the answers you need likely can easily be found in your credit report.	credit, card, report, lost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-eco-earth-friendly-credit-card-moves-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-eco-earth-friendly-credit-card-moves-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 Earth-friendly credit card moves you can make now	You may not be able to immediately ditch your plastic card, but there are several moves you can make to soften its eco-impact	eco, card, plastic, credit, earth, ecology, recycle, ecology, earth day
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travelers-checks-decline-use-card-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travelers-checks-decline-use-card-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Travelers checks decline in use	Once you wouldn't leave home without travelers checks. Now they're fading from use	traveler's, checks, credit, travel, debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-late-credit-card-payment-interest-increase-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-late-credit-card-payment-interest-increase-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Late payments don't justify rate instant rate hikes anymore	With the passage of the Credit CARD Act, if you're a little late with a payment, you're protected against an instant interest rate hike. 	credit, card, CARD Act, interest, rate, increase, late, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-card-credit-one-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-card-credit-one-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit card issuer's moves send interest rates lower	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after subprime issuer Credit One tweaked some of its card offers 	credit, card, rate, report, one, grace, period
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-widow-false-collection-calls-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-widow-false-collection-calls-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a widow should handle collection calls on late husband's 'debt'	More than four years after her husband died, a widow begins receiving collection calls on debt that may be the result of identity theft	widow, debt, collection, calls, verification
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-score-sites-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-report-score-sites-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Free' credit report sites switch to offering 'free' scores	On the eve of new rules sharply restricting offers of 'free' credit reports, companies switch to offering 'free' credit scores	free, credit, report, score, FTC, federal, regulation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-traffic-citation-ticket-collection-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-traffic-citation-ticket-collection-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unpaid traffic citations can lower drivers' credit scores	If you think you can ignore an out-of-state traffic ticket, it can hurt in an unexpected way: damage to your credit score	credit, score, report, traffic, drive, citation, ticket, collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-first-premier-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-first-premier-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates fall for record 4th straight week	Card rates continue to be volatile, with cards entering and exiting the market as the industry -- faced with the recession and new regulations -- rapidly changes	credit, card, interest, rate, report, first, premier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-overdraft-fee-opt-in-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-overdraft-fee-opt-in-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers to Fed: Stop debit card overdraft opt-in 'scare' tactics	Federal regulators got an earful from banks and consumers on its proposed rules to change overdraft protection to an opt-in feature, including complaints that banks are using scare tactics to get customers to sign up	debit card, fees, overdraft, overdraft protection, opt in, federal reserve board, banks, credit unions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-authorized-user-credit-card-parent-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-authorized-user-credit-card-parent-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Parents shouldn't pay for child's late card payments	Parents who are listed as authorized users on their child's credit card account shouldn't have to suffer credit score damage when the child makes late payments.	credit, score, report, authorized, account, joint, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-dont-pay-debt-collectors-out-of-fear-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-dont-pay-debt-collectors-out-of-fear-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Collectors can try, but can't legally collect a minor's debts	Handle with care demands for payment on old, forgotten amounts, and don't pay what you don't owe out of fear or ignorance	debt, collection, minor, medical, owe, fear, ignorance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-cash-currency-bills-change-visually-blind-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-cash-currency-bills-change-visually-blind-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. dollar bills could change size, shape, texture to help the blind	Most of the Western world helps the visually impaired by altering bills to make denominations different. The U.S. is now studying the same idea	denomination, currency, bills, texture, dots, size, shape
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances continue free fall in February	Americans resumed their efforts to trim card balances last month according to newly released Fed data	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-off-high-credit-card-debt-options-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-off-high-credit-card-debt-options-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to shorten lengthy credit card payoff	Once the interest rate on a card with a large revolving balance is jacked up, you have to explore options other than paying the minimum 	credit, card, payoff, interest, rate, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-military-spouses-scra-interest-rate-credit-cards-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-military-spouses-scra-interest-rate-credit-cards-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How military couples can get interest rate relief	If credit card accounts are held jointly by military spouses, then they qualify for interest rate relief under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act	credit, card, interest, rate, Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, military, joint, accounts, scra 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-ebay-mastercard-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-ebay-mastercard-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates rise as credit card issuers tweak offers	The industry continues to writhe and adjust as card issuers learn to cope with the Great Recession and new regulation	credit, card, rate, report, apr, interest, mastercard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-score-risk-rule-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-score-risk-rule-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules could provide millions with free credit scores  	Rules announced by the Federal Reserve and FTC mean that, starting in 2011, millions of U.S. borrowers could get free copies of their credit scores. 	credit, score, fico, risk, rule, ftc, federal, reserve, free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-balance-chase-fico-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-balance-chase-fico-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit score suffers from being caught in 'balance chasing' loop	'Balance chasing' by banks can leave borrowers with lower credit limits and credit scores	credit, score, report, balance, chase, fico, card, chasing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nevada, Tennessee remain highest per capita bankruptcy states	California and Illinois jump near the top, according to data for the first quarter of 2010; Alaska, South Carolina remain at the bottom	state, bankruptcy filings, per capita, state rank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-moral-responsibility-credit-card-debt-minor-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-moral-responsibility-credit-card-debt-minor-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minors likely bear moral -- not legal -- responsibility for fraudulent debts	Legally, minors likely bear no responsibility to repay credit card debts -- even if built up fraudulently. Morally? That's an entirely different matter.	credit, card, debt, fraud, minor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-q1-2010-continue-rising-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-q1-2010-continue-rising-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies resume climbing, aided by tax refunds	Bankruptcy filings rose 17 percent over a year ago; once-available cushions of credit and home equity have vanished	credit, bankruptcy, home equity, mortgage, filings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-too-many-store-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-too-many-store-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Too many credit cards increases liabilities	If you have more cards than you can keep track of, then it's time to close some accounts	credit, cards, retail, cards, closing, accounts, credit, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-payment-allocation-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-payment-allocation-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Clarifying new rules for how card payments are applied to balances	The CARD Act requires monies paid only ABOVE the minimum payment to be applied to higher interest rate balances	CARD Act, credit, card, payment, allocation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-chase-partners-first-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-chase-partners-first-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates fall as issuers modify credit card offers	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after issuers tweaked the rates on several card products. 	credit, card, rate, report, apr, interest, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poker-credit-cards-manage-finances-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poker-credit-cards-manage-finances-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How you play poker reveals a lot about your financial personality	Do you sneak multiple peeks at your cards or stick with your gut and keep them on the table? How you play your cards says a lot about your finances	credit, card, game, poker, personality, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-employment-checks-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-employment-checks-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How bad credit can affect your job search	A blemished credit report can hurt your job chances. Learn which financial mistakes are most costly.	credit, report, bankruptcy, job, credit, check, bad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-credit-card-perks-you-didnt-know-had-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-credit-card-perks-you-didnt-know-had-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 credit card perks you didn't know you had	Think all that's in the fine print of your credit card is trouble? There may actually be some good news in there: hidden perks, from car rental collision insurance to return protection, that can save you cash	credit, card, perks, hidden, visa, amex, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-credit-online-dating-tips-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-credit-online-dating-tips-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Plastic love: How to protect your credit while online dating	Use online dating services? Your credit and other financial interests may be at risk if you don't guard yourself from those falsely fishing for companionship. Here's how to protect more than just your heart when seeking a mate via the Internet	online, dating, credit, card, fraud, identity, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/political-party-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/political-party-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spotlight falls on political parties' misuse of credit cards	Party-issued credit cards give politicians and operatives direct access to political funds. But such access can cause problems	political, party, credit, cards, Republican, Democrat, Marc Rubio, Dean Cannon
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-check-inquiry-fico-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-check-inquiry-fico-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Hard' inquiries have limited credit score impact	Lenders' inquiries into a borrowers' credit history can drop their credit score -- but not by much.  	credit, score, fico, report, check, inquiry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-mail-offers-teens-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-mail-offers-teens-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CARD Act didn't stop flow of credit card offers mailed to young adults	Parents and young adults around the country may wonder why they are still getting mail offers nearly eight weeks after major portions of the CARD Act took effect.	credit card, offer, teen, young adult, CARD Act, credit card reform law, mailing lists, prescreened, preapproved
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-debt-help-companies-breakdown-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-debt-help-companies-breakdown-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which of the 4 types of debt-help companies is right for you?	Deep in debt but not ready for bankruptcy? Consider these types of companies, but beware: credit help comes in many forms, and not all of them are good for you	dmp, credit, counseling, debt, management, plan, repair, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paper-shredders-credit-cards-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paper-shredders-credit-cards-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shredded bliss: 5 steps to choosing the perfect paper shredder	Protect yourself from identity thieves with these five steps to paper shredder perfection. 	credit, card, paper, shredder, identity, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maxed-out-on-credit-fix-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maxed-out-on-credit-fix-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	There's no easy fix when you're maxed out on credit	If you're young and already maxed out on credit, it's time to buckle down, pay it off and clear the path for a less stressful future	credit, card, HELOC, bankruptcy, maxed, out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/teaching-kids-good-money-habits-example-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/teaching-kids-good-money-habits-example-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Teaching kids good money habits by example	You can tell your children whatever you want about money, but what they see you doing with it will make a lasting impression	credit, card, cards, kids, teaching, money, habits, children, example
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-authorized-user-collections-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-authorized-user-collections-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized users aren't liable for card debt	Collectors trying to collect outstanding card debt from an authorized user are barking up the wrong tree. Here's what to do.	credit, card, joint, account, holder, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-look-credit-card-statement-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-look-credit-card-statement-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to read, understand your credit card statement	A lot of work goes into something no one likes to see: a credit card bill. This interactive guide breaks down how yours should look and what it must contain	credit card act, monthly credit card statement, interactive, CARD Act, federal, rules, regulation, law, bill
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-debit-cards-grow-diverse-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reward-debit-cards-grow-diverse-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card rewards offerings grow more diverse	Though the rewards remain meager compared those of credit cards, debit rewards grow in popularity, type	debit, credit, reward, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-citi-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-citi-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi's moves send interest rates down for 2nd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, amid signs the consumer lending environment may be improving.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-laws-limit-employee-credit-check-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-laws-limit-employee-credit-check-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	States stepping up to limit pre-employment credit checks	If you're unemployed and suffering from bad credit, a growing number of states' lawmakers want to remove one barrier between you and a new job: a credit check 	credit, report, history, check, law, job, employ
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-4-credit-card-card-crafts-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-4-credit-card-card-crafts-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: 4 easy credit card crafts	Don't throw out that old credit card, debit card or gift card -- make something with it. CreditCards.com's Cynthia Drake shows you how to make earrings, a bracelet and a guitar pick and a decorative pin out of those old pieces of plastic	video, credit, card, crafts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-homeowner-mortgage-loan-motorcycle-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-homeowner-mortgage-loan-motorcycle-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 reasons young homeowners may get turned down for loans	A reader who recently bought a house also wants to buy a motorcycle, but he's frustrated that he can't get a loan. Our experts preaches patience and the virtues of budgeting wisely 	credit, cards, mortgage, home, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-loan-repayment-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-loan-repayment-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Focus on finances -- not your credit score -- when repaying a loan	The decision to repay a loan rapidly should be more about your finances than your credit score. 	credit, score, fico, loan, auto, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blippy-credit-card-data-breach-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blippy-credit-card-data-breach-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Blippy's blooper: Social networking site leaks consumers' card data	The social networking site's goof rekindles a debate over how much private data should be public	data, google, blippy, leak
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-april-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-april-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates unchanged again	Credit cardholders in good standing likely won't see their interest rates go up anytime soon, thanks to a key decision by the Federal Reserve on Wednesday.	fomc, federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, bernanke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-data-pass-deceptive-marketing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/visa-data-pass-deceptive-marketing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa tackles deceptive online 'data pass' marketing	In an effort to tone down aggressive sales tactics used by some Internet-based businesses, Visa announced it will require its merchants to more actively warn their customers of external offers made during online transactions	visa, data pass, merchant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-repay-debt-settlement-bankruptcy-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-repay-debt-settlement-bankruptcy-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing desperate options: bankruptcy vs. debt negotiation	With savings spent, deep in debt and jobless, a reader's choices are all unpleasant, so go in with eyes open	compare, bankruptcy, debt, negotiation, settlement, repay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-target-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-target-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Target's moves send credit card interest rates to 3rd straight decline	Credit card interest rates fell again, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, spurred by Target's recent move to eliminate its Visa credit card. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, target
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-wage-garnishment-debts-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-wage-garnishment-debts-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy protects against wage garnishment	A reader who filed bankruptcy is contacted by an old creditor who threatens wage garnishment. Does she have to pay the debt or not?	wage, garnishment, bankruptcy, debt, creditor, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-inflation-hurts-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-inflation-hurts-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Inflation is coming; here's how it will hurt	Before inflation returns in force, there are steps you can take to readjust your investments and loans to minimize its impact	inflation, adjust, assets, portfolio, impact, loans, investments, savings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-money-ratios-author-charles-farrell-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-money-ratios-author-charles-farrell-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Simple ratios can keep your financial ship afloat, says author	How can you tell at your age if your financial ship is headed toward open water or veering toward the rocks? Ratios, says 'Retirement Roadmap' columnist Charles Farrell	Charels Farrell, Q&A, retirement, roadmap, ratios
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-apartment-bad-credit-score-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-apartment-bad-credit-score-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to rent a home if you have bad credit	Your landlord might not care about your bad credit as much as you think. With the recession and high vacancy rates, these steps can help you persuade the manager to overlook your score and let you rent	rental requirements, credit scores, bad credit, landlords
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-close-unused-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-close-unused-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	To preserve credit score, don't leave credit cards unused	If maintaining your credit score is a primary concern, don't leave credit cards unused. 	credit, score, fico, card, unused, close
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q1-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-loosen-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q1-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-loosen-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card lending standards keep tightening, Fed report says	It became tougher to get a credit card in early 2010, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve, even as banks were more willing to offer other types of loans.	senior, loan, officer, survey, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-tips-maximize-spending-rewards-points-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-tips-maximize-spending-rewards-points-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 ways to maximize your credit card rewards points	Once you've gone to the trouble of earning all those bonus points, spend them wisely. Here are eight tips from experts on getting the most from your rewards	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-to-choose-right-rewards-debit-program-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-to-choose-right-rewards-debit-program-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to choose the right debit card rewards program	As rewards programs associated with debit cards have grown and flourished, so has their complexity. These tips will help you find and manage the right one for you	debit, card, rewards, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-debt-graduate-plan-pay-off-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-debt-graduate-plan-pay-off-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Graduate, do you have a post-graduation debt plan?	Graduating from college this spring? You're probably taking more with you than your diplomas and a futon. The class of 2010 has debt, and a lot of it	student, debt, graduate, plan, tips, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-steps-handling-credit-card-debt-unemployed-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-steps-handling-credit-card-debt-unemployed-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to tackling debt while unemployed	An unemployed reader is deep in debt and desperate. Our expert offers five tips for getting herself back on track	credit, card, debt, unemployment, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-spousal-child-support-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-bankruptcy-spousal-child-support-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy doesn't absolve spousal support payments	A reader wants to know if her ex-husband files for bankruptcy, will her spousal support disappear?	bankruptcy, alimony, child support, spousal, support, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-minimum-payment-rules-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-minimum-payment-rules-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Only payments over the minimum go to high APR balances	If you are only paying the minimum payment for a card with multiple APR balances, then the new law doesn't cover how the issuer applies that payment	minimum, payment, credit, card, CARD Act, APR, balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-best-practices-debit-card-use-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-best-practices-debit-card-use-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 best practices for debit card use	Debit cards don't let you rack up debt, but they can still lead to trouble if not used wisely. Here are tips from the experts.	debit, card, best, practices, tips, pin, overdraft, opt-in
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-baby-managing-finances-adoption-fertility-treatments.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-baby-managing-finances-adoption-fertility-treatments.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Managing the high costs of adoption and fertility treatments	Parents who create their families through fertility treatments or adoption can face staggering bills before their children even arrive. 	credit, cards, loans, adoption, family, fertility, treatments, in-vitro, costs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-off-debt-you-hate-most-first-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-off-debt-you-hate-most-first-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The price of paying off the debt you hate most	Sometimes paying off the most hated debt first -- even when it's not costing as much as other obligations -- can bring much needed emotional relief	debt, hate, credit, card, loathe, tsunami, snowball, Dave Ramsey, Adam Baker, manvsdebt.com, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-march-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-march-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt keeps dropping	Consumer credit card balances shrank for a record 18th straight month, according to data released Friday by the Federal Reserve. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-emergency-reverse-pin-report-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-emergency-reverse-pin-report-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC ATM 'emergency PIN' study takes a year, says little	Congress mandated a year ago that the FTC study whether it's feasible to create ways for people to summon emergency at ATMs. Dunno, the long-awaited study says.	ATM, reverse, PIN, robbery, study, FTC 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-score-report-qa-experian-town-hall-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-score-report-qa-experian-town-hall-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Replay of credit reporting, scoring Q and A with Experian	On Thursday, May 6, 2010, Experian director of public education Rod Griffin answered your questions on credit scoring and credit reporting live via a video stream from the CreditCards.com studio in Austin, Texas. The event is now over, but if you missed i	credit, report, score, debt, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-card-denial-barclays-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-card-denial-barclays-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Look to credit reports to understand loan denials	A reader wondering why he was rejected for a credit card loan should turn to his credit report to understand why the lender made the move	credit, score, fico, card, denial, rejection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-one-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-one-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scoring, reporting Q and A with Experian, part 1	The first in a six-part series replaying a credit scoring and reporting question and answer session CreditCards.com held with Experian.	credit, score, report, experian, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-two-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-two-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scoring, reporting Q and A with Experian, part 2	The second in a six-part series replaying a credit scoring and reporting question and answer session CreditCards.com held with Experian.	credit, score, report, experian, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-three-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-three-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scoring, reporting Q and A with Experian, part 3	The third in a six-part series replaying a credit scoring and reporting question and answer session CreditCards.com held with Experian.	credit, score, report, experian, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-four-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-four-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scoring, reporting Q and A with Experian, part 4	The fourth in a six-part series replaying a credit scoring and reporting question and answer session CreditCards.com held with Experian.	credit, score, report, experian, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-reasons-you-overspend-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-reasons-you-overspend-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 top reasons you overspend	Buying with plastic, or in bulk -- or even the music you listen to can lead to overshopping, experts say 	shop, shopping, too much, overspend
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-charge-credit-card-differences-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-charge-credit-card-differences-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Charge card vs. credit card: What's the better choice?	A student with excellent credit wants a second credit card. Our expert lays out her options.	credit, card, debit, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-five-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-five-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scoring, reporting Q and A with Experian, part 5	The fifth in a six-part series replaying a credit scoring and reporting question and answer session CreditCards.com held with Experian.	credit, score, report, experian, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-six-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-scoring-reporting-qa-transcript-part-six-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit scoring, reporting Q and A with Experian, part 6	The last in a six-part series replaying a credit scoring and reporting question and answer session CreditCards.com held with Experian.	credit, score, report, experian, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-interest-accrual-post-death-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-interest-accrual-post-death-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does credit card interest accrue after death?	When a cardholder dies, a variety of factors come into play in determining how, when and if a balance and interest gets paid.	credit, card, debt, death, balance, estate, community, property, laws
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chargebacks-consumer-blacklist-badcustomer-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chargebacks-consumer-blacklist-badcustomer-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How charge-backs can land consumers on blacklist	A customer database servicing retailers is blacklisting consumers seeking charge-backs for credit card purchases.	credit, card, customers, charge-backs, chargeback, badcustomer.com, blacklist
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/go-beyond-obvious-savings-tips-techniques-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/go-beyond-obvious-savings-tips-techniques-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Trying to cut back on spending? Go BIG!	The New Frugal You, a weekly reader Q&A feature on CreditCards.com, debuts with frugality expert Gary Foreman advising a reader to aim at the big targets	new, frugal, you, gary, foreman, spending, budgeting, saving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-citi-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-citi-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates' slide continues	Interest rates on new credit card offers declined for a record fifth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after Citi lowered rates on a card product.	credit, card, rate, report, APR, interest, citi, decline
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-couple-debt-options-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-couple-debt-options-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	An elderly couple's options for dealing with debt	Health issues and a limited income prevent an elderly couple from paying a big outstanding debt. Our expert offers some options	credit, card, debt, elderly, health, bankruptcy, credit, counseling, debt, negotiation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anniversary-credit-card-act-timeline-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anniversary-credit-card-act-timeline-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The Credit CARD Act of 2009 turns 1	What a difference a year makes. One year ago this week, President Obama signed historic legislation revamping how Americans acquire, use and pay for credit cards.Use this time line to view key developments affecting credit card users and their accounts.	credit card act, credit card legislation, obama, credit card reform, time line, credit card reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-dies-discontinued-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-dies-discontinued-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do if your credit card is discontinued	Since the credit crunch hit in 2007, card issuers have become swift to shed cards. While your discontinued card won't be turned away at the grocery store, you do have to react.	credit, card, discontinue, dead
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-budgeting-made-easy-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-budgeting-made-easy-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your first budget in 3 easy steps 	Don't be scared of budgeting, it's really not very hard, says New Frugal You columnist Gary Foreman	budget, budgeting, 3, three, easy, steps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-minor-credit-card-lawsuit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-minor-credit-card-lawsuit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Without co-signer, minor's debt likely off-limits to collectors	A reader could no longer make payments on a card he got when he was a minor and is now dealing with collections and even a possible wage garnishment. But given his age when he signed, is the debt his responsibility?	credit, card, debt, minor, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-protect-score-card-limit-cut-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-protect-score-card-limit-cut-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Responsible borrowing can protect credit score from limit cuts	When the bank cuts a cardholder's line of credit -- a common occurence in recent years --  a history of responsible borrowing can protect against credit scoring damage. 	credit, score, fico, card, cut, limit, Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-car-auto-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-car-auto-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to expect when buying a car with bad credit	The last sound you want to hear when you're rebuilding your credit is the clank of a dying car. What are your options?	credit, bad, car, loan, options, financing, loan, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-ways-beat-bank-fees-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-ways-beat-bank-fees-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	13 ways to beat bank fees	Americans pay billions in bank fees every year, but you don't have to be one of the people forking over fees	fees, bank, avoid, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-applications-cell-phone-evolve-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-applications-cell-phone-evolve-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cell phone payment system options multiply	The trend of paying by cell phone, slow to catch on in the U.S., is finally gaining traction with the big players showing interest 	mobile, cell, phone, app, payment, options
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/luhn-formula-credit-card-number-system-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/luhn-formula-credit-card-number-system-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the 'Luhn formula' validates credit card numbers	Think of it as your card's Da Vinci Code: A little known, low-tech mathematical sleight-of-hand is used to see whether numbers on credit and debit cards are real or fake	peter, luhn, pattern, numbers, order, sequence, debit, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-poll-anniversary-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-poll-anniversary-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: 3 in 4 credit cardholders say their accounts are better off today	A year after landmark credit card reforms became law, three in four cardholders say their accounts are better off. Consumer groups say more protections are needed to combat new, questionable practices launched by lenders.	credit card act, credit card reform, poll, president, obama, credit card law, interest rate, consumer protections
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-statute-of-limitations-old-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-statute-of-limitations-old-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid restarting the clock on time-barred debt	A reader whose debt has run past the statute of limitations in her state wonders if she should still pay what she can.	credit, card, cards, statute, limitations, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-easy-tricks-to-remember-numbers-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-easy-tricks-to-remember-numbers-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 easy tricks to remember numbers, codes, passwords	In today's digital society, everyone from your bank to your office to your parents in their new ZIP code, want you to memorize numbers and codes. Here's how	key, password, code, memorize, remember, zip, security, atm, numbers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-wells-fargo-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-wells-fargo-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates end record run of declines	Interest rates on new credit card offers rose this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, ending a record string of declines. 	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/saved-by-credit-cards-rescue-stories-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/saved-by-credit-cards-rescue-stories-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Saved by plastic: 5 true credit card rescue tales	While not the primary purpose of plastic, your credit cards can be an invaluable lifeline in extreme situations. Here's how five cardholders used their cards to survive some serious jams	credit, card, cards, emergency, situations, lifeline, medical, 9-11
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-debt-fixed-income-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-card-debt-fixed-income-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying off debt on a fixed income isn't easy	When your debt is high and your income is fixed, the ability to pay off credit card debt can be challenging. Our expert offers some advice	credit, card, debt, fixed, income, social, security, medical, problems
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency-credit-card-replacement-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency-credit-card-replacement-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 things you must know about emergency credit card replacement	Losing a credit card while traveling can be a disaster. The good news is that if you prepare in advance and take a few precautions while you're on the road, the damage will likely be minimal.	credit, card, emergency, replacement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-reform-bill-means-consumer-watchdog-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-reform-bill-means-consumer-watchdog-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wall Street reform bill taking shape for consumers 	Although there are still a few steps to go before the massive Wall Street Reform legislation becomes law, one thing is certain: Consumers will have a new watchdog agency looking out for their interests in credit card agreements, debt collection and debit 	consumer financial protection agency, credit card, debit card, loans, interchange fees, merchant, visa, mastercard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gao-report-financial-literacy-hispanic-lep-english-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gao-report-financial-literacy-hispanic-lep-english-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GAO: Non-English speakers have it rougher financially 	A federal report chronicles how limited English proficiency also limits people's ability to get by in the complex financial world	lep, english, proficiency, finances, financial, money, skills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-card-activate-account-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-card-activate-account-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nonactivated cards can still impact a credit score	A credit card that hasn't been activated may represent a security threat, but in the calculation of your credit score, an inactive card account's existence -- or its closure -- isn't treated differently than any other credit card	credit, score, fico, card, activate, account, active
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-steps-recovery-youthful-money-mistakes-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-steps-recovery-youthful-money-mistakes-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 steps toward recovering from youthful money mistakes	A reader wants to pay off her card debts before going back to school. Our expert lays out an eight-step plan to help her do just that	credit, card, debt, graduate, school
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/windfall-save-or-retire-debt-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/windfall-save-or-retire-debt-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Odds are, you're better off retiring debt with a windfall	Sure, you could save it, but paying off high-rate loans is your best bet 	save, spend, bet, gamble, loan, borrow, rate, windfall
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-aggressive-debt-collectors-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-aggressive-debt-collectors-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't fall prey to aggressive debt collection tactics	Debt collectors know what buttons to push, so if you've never dealt with them before, you may agree to a repayment plan that you can't afford 	credit, card, debt, collectors, wage, garnishment, settlement, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-unchanged-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-unchanged-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain unchanged	Interest rates on new credit card offers were unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after banks largely refrained from adjusting their card offers. 	credit, card, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-accept-credit-cards-garage-sale-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-accept-credit-cards-garage-sale-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to accept credit cards at your next garage sale	Garage sales have always been relatively low-tech affairs, but if you want to sell a higher-priced item, such as a flat-screen TV or that barely used elliptical machine, cash or checks might not be good enough anymore	credit, card, garage, sale, square, iphone, ipad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-keys-zero-liability-policies-debit-credit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-keys-zero-liability-policies-debit-credit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 keys to credit, debit card zero-liability policies	So you found some suspicious-looking charges to your credit card or bank account. No big deal. You're covered by the bank's zero-liability policy, right? Not always, so know the rules  	credit, card, zero, liability, debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paperless-credit-card-bills-easy-to-forget-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paperless-credit-card-bills-easy-to-forget-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The problem with paperless credit card bills: Forgetting to pay	Sure, going paperless is good for the Earth, but not so good for your credit score if you forget to pay your bills. So have backups, or automate	bill, pay, paperless, e-notify, automate, payments, quicken, reminder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-late-payment-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-late-payment-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Even barely late payments can impact your credit score	If you're late with a payment -- but fewer than 30 days late -- does your credit score take a hit? The answer's not so simple.	credit, score, fico, card, late, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-profiling-fed-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-profiling-fed-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Credit companies admit profiling credit card users	What you buy and where you buy it can sometimes be held against you by your credit card issuer, a Federal Reserve report to Congress Friday reveals	credit card, profiling, redlining, federal reserve, congress, spending, tracking, purchases, credit card reform law, card act, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-charge-bar-tab-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-credit-card-charge-bar-tab-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you stuck with bigger-than-expected bar bill? Depends	A reader wants to know if he's on the hook for a higher-than-expected bar tab on his credit card after a night of partying with his friends	credit, card, charge, bar, dispute
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-tagged-with-someone-elses-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-tagged-with-someone-elses-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to dispute a debt that's not yours	Identity mix-ups are common, but if you're being tagged for debt that is not yours, you need to fix the problem instead of ignoring it.	credit, card, collection, debt, mix-up, identity, free, credit, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-interchange-fees-legislation-consumer-impact-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-interchange-fees-legislation-consumer-impact-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will reducing merchant card fees help or hurt consumers?	Legislation could limit the costs retailers incur when letting customers pay by credit or debit card. But whether consumers will see the benefits is unclear	credit, card, interchange, fee, Durbin Amendment, legislation, merchants, consumers, cash, debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-rules-credit-card-rewards-game-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-rules-credit-card-rewards-game-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 rules to win at the credit card rewards game	Charging all your purchases to pump up your rewards point total may be tempting … but is it worth the threat to your finances and your credit score? The answer may be yes, if you follow these four rules	credit, card, rewards, points, game, rules, minimum, payment, balance, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-cards-no-signature-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-credit-cards-no-signature-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Not signing your plastic has its hazards	Contrary to popular myths, not signing your credit card or writing "See ID" in the signature place does not prevent identity theft.	credit, card, signature, see id, id, theft, thief
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jean-chatzky-master-plastic-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jean-chatzky-master-plastic-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with finance guru Jean Chatzky	Money and media powerhouse Jean Chatzky shares why so many people have trouble managing credit -- and how to become a master of plastic	jean chatzky, qa, author, questions, answers, interview, money, personal finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-savings-debt-retirement-50-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-savings-debt-retirement-50-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting financially fit at 50 isn't too late	A reader is 50 years old, has credit card debt and no savings. She wonders if she'll end up homeless someday. Our expert gives her some good news.	credit, card, debt, retirement, emergency, savings, 401(k)
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-verification-numbers-security-code-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-verification-numbers-security-code-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to find your credit card security code	Every credit card has a card security code printed on it. It may be called a CSC, a card verification value (CVV or CV2), card verification code (CVC) or card code verification (CCV), but you need to know what -- and more importantly, where -- it is	CSC, CVV, CV2, CVC, CCV, credit, card, verification, code, value, security, online
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-credit-cards-on-vacation-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-credit-cards-on-vacation-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to protect your credit cards when traveling	Vacation should be about one thing: relaxing. If your credit cards are stolen, though, you'll spend more time fretting in your hotel room undoing fraud than lying on the beach sipping a drink decorated with a tiny umbrella	credit, cards, vacation, protecting, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-capital-one-credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-capital-one-credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One's rate hikes send credit card interest rates higher	Interest rates on new credit card offers rose this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, spurred by rate increases from Capital One.	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-enthusiasm-for-saving-avoid-frugal-fatigue-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-enthusiasm-for-saving-avoid-frugal-fatigue-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep up the enthusiasm for saving, fight 'frugal fatigue'	Staying on a tight budget is no fun. To keep your enthusiasm for saving from waning, indulge a little in luxury -- cheaper imitation luxuries, that is	enthusiasm, frugal, fatigue, budget, saving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-8-home-improvement-repair-finance-choices-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-8-home-improvement-repair-finance-choices-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare 8 home improvement financing choices	As a contractor matches a saw to the cut, match your home improvement financing choice to the job at hand	home, improvement, credit, card, compare, financing, methods
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/evaluate-structured-settlement-buyout-upfront-payment-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/evaluate-structured-settlement-buyout-upfront-payment-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to evaluate structured settlement buyout offers	Structured settlement buyout firms let you get cash quickly in exchange for giving up a stream of payments you got from a lawsuit settlement or accident claim. How do you know whether it's a fair payment?	structured, settlement, J.G. Wentworth, lawsuit, settle, upfront, lump, sum, money now
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-yearly-statement-as-budgeting-tool.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-yearly-statement-as-budgeting-tool.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for using your yearly credit card summary as a budgeting tool	Plastic gets a bad rap for destroying cardholders' personal finances. But increasingly, users and personal finance experts alike tout the annual year-end statements provided for free by card issuers as one of the most useful personal finance tools availab	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/children-cosign-for-parents-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/children-cosign-for-parents-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Adult children increasingly co-sign for parents' loans	In a case of financial role reversal, more parents are turning to their children for loans due to the parents' rising debts, falling retirement funds	children, co-sign, parents, role, reversal, financial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-social-security-garnishment-credit-line-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-social-security-garnishment-credit-line-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Elderly father's Social Security income likely safe from garnishment	A reader worries that her elderly father's Social Security income will be garnished to pay back a credit line from the bank. Our expert says she probably doesn't have to worry	credit, card, line, social, security, garnish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-april-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-april-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances plummet in April	Consumer credit card balances plummeted by $8.5 billion in April, marking a record 19th straight month of decline, according to data released Monday by the Federal Reserve.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/david-evans-author-qa-paying-with-plastic-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/david-evans-author-qa-paying-with-plastic-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	David Evans author QA	In his new book, 'Paying With Plastic' author David Evans argues we're going through two payment revolutions: paper to plastic, then plastic to "virtual" payments	book, author, Q&A, David S. Evans, Paying with Plastic, payments, credit card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-cards-rap-video-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-cards-rap-video-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: CreditCards.com's mad legit rap video	Just for fun, our Tyler Metzger and Anna Bleker put together a rap video about CreditCards.com. It's full of inside references about what goes on inside our company, but it's also catchy, clever and entertaining. 	credit, cards, rap, video
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-one-life-to-live-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-one-life-to-live-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit lessons from the soap operas	Part I: You only have 'One Life to Live,' so don't share money with an evil twin - you know, the one who's always spending your money	credit, card, lessons, soap, operas, One Life to Live
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-all-my-children-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-all-my-children-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit lessons from the soap operas	Part II: All My Children. Experts say 'All My Children' don't have to know of my money problems -- if I face debt head-on	credit, card, lessons, soap, operas, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-days-of-our-lives-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-days-of-our-lives-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit lessons from the soap operas	Part III: Days of Our Lives: Leave the brainwashing to Stefano -- no matter what the store says, their credit card may be no good for you	credit, card, lessons, soap, operas, days of our lives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-days-of-our-lives-2-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-days-of-our-lives-2-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit lessons from the soap operas	Part IV: The Days of Our Lives shouldn't be filled with money troubles	credit, card, lessons, soap, operas, Days of Our Lives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-general-hospital-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-soap-operas-general-hospital-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit lessons from the soap operas	Part V: If you're financially honest with your mate, no need for a 'General Hospital' style paternity test; you'll always know who's the real parent of a debt	credit, card, lessons, soap, operas, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-authorized-user-bad-credit-affect-main-account-owner-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-authorized-user-bad-credit-affect-main-account-owner-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sharing credit puts everyone at risk	Co-mingling credit with friends or family via co-signing or authorized users is best to be avoided at all costs.	account, holder, authorized, user, main, owner, affect, credit, history, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-capital-one-orbitz-visa-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-capital-one-orbitz-visa-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cap One's moves push credit card interest rates higher	Interest rates on new credit card offers surged higher this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, following card adjustments by Capital One.	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr, capital, one, orbitz, visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-car-vs-used-finances-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-car-vs-used-finances-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Evaluate financing when deciding new car vs. used	When considering whether to buy a new or used car, remember the 40% rule: New cars' value fades that much in just three years	new, used, car, auto, value, financing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-get-angry-at-debt-not-lender-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-get-angry-at-debt-not-lender-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Get angry at your overdue debt, not your lender	You've fallen behind on your payments and you're angry at the carmaker who's asking for the payment you agreed to make? Get real	car, payment, debt, lender, sally herigstad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-steps-faster-debt-payoff-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-5-steps-faster-debt-payoff-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 simple steps to a faster debt payoff	A reader's credit card statement showed him what it would cost to pay off his debts in three years. He wants to do it sooner. Our expert tells him how	credit, card, debt, statement, act, reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-report-death-debt-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-report-death-debt-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deceased cardholder's debts can hurt authorized user's credit score	When a credit cardholder passes away leaving unpaid debt, authorized account users can be left facing the credit score impact	credit, score, report, deceased, debt, collection, score, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-plan-facing-student-loan-debt-disaster-repay-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-plan-facing-student-loan-debt-disaster-repay-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to face a student loan debt disaster	Deep in student debt and needing to borrow much more to graduate, a student looks ahead to try and plan a debt escape route	credit, card, debt, frugal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avis-cardella-qa-spent-memoir-shopping-addict-author-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avis-cardella-qa-spent-memoir-shopping-addict-author-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA: Avis Cardella writes on overcoming shopping addiction	'Spent: Memoirs of a Shopping Addict' author Avis Cardella describes how credit counseling helped her overcome 'Sex & the City' lifestyle	avis cardella, memoirs of a shopping addict, book, author, qa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/starting-a-business-with-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/starting-a-business-with-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is bad credit bad for small business startups?	Starting a business with bad credit won't be easy, but it's not impossible. Here are some ways to find funding without a top-notch credit score.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/feds-cap-credit-card-late-payment-fee-25.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/feds-cap-credit-card-late-payment-fee-25.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds cap credit card late fees at $25	The fee limit is among several new protections from Credit CARD Act that were finalized Tuesday	fee, protection, credit card act, reasonable, gift, card, interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-wage-garnishment-debt-collection-process-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-wage-garnishment-debt-collection-process-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ignoring delinquent debt can lead to wage garnishment	The longer your debt goes unpaid, the more likely you'll be forced to pay through a court order to garnish your wages.	credit, card, debt, wage, garnishment, court, order, delinquent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-capital-one-third-week-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-capital-one-third-week-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One move pushes APRs higher for 3rd straight week	Another week brought with it another interest rate move by Capital One, sending credit card APRs still higher.	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr, capital, one, 1
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/premeditated-credit-card-default-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/premeditated-credit-card-default-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Premeditated card default for ailing father?	A reader with a poor, ailing father wants to know if she'll be liable for racking up debt on his credit cards -- knowing full well he has no assets to pay	credit, card, debt, default, ailing, father, medicaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-government-debt-bailout-program-scam-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-government-debt-bailout-program-scam-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't fall for the 'Obama debt bailout program' scam	Rip-off alert: There's no government program to relieve you of credit card debt, despite the hordes of Internet scammers who say there is	obama, government, debt, relief, scam, settlement, bailout
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nfcc-2010-financial-literacy-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nfcc-2010-financial-literacy-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dads can be better financial role models	While many of us learn how to manage our finances from our parents, they're not always the best role models, according to a new survey	nfcc, survey, 2010, financial, literacy, role, model, parents, financial, national, foundation, credit, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-free-fico-score-credit-union-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-free-fico-score-credit-union-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Free FICO scores exist, but aren't easy to come by	Free credit scores do exist and are relatively easy to find, but the tricky part is getting the scores lenders actually use	fico, free, credit, report, score, union, view
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-3-reasons-not-cosign-fellow-college-students-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-3-reasons-not-cosign-fellow-college-students-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 reasons not to co-sign for college students' credit cards	The Credit CARD Act makes it harder for students under 21 to get credit cards. Thus, a 21-year-old student wants to charge his classmates to have him co-sign on a credit card. Our expert explains why this is a really bad idea	credit, card, debt, student, act, reform, law, co-sign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/traveling-cash-countries-ATMs-payments-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/traveling-cash-countries-ATMs-payments-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Travel tips for countries where cash, not credit, dominates payments	Going to a country where cash and coin, not plastic cards, must be used? These tips will help you minimize the risks that ATMs and carrying cash can bring	cash, payments, credit, debit, atm, travel, countries, tips, abroad, currency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-june-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-june-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nervous Fed continues to hold interest rates steady	The Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged once again Wednesday, meaning the bulk of credit cardholders can rest assured that their credit cards' APRs won't be going up anytime soon.	federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, apr, interest, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-key-questions-cash-advances-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-key-questions-cash-advances-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 key questions to ask when considering a cash advance	Recession-bitten consumers are stepping away from credit card cash advances with a vengeance. That's a good thing, financial experts say. Cash advances are a bad financial idea, except in the most dire of emergencies. 	credit, card, cash, advance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-transferring-moms-balance-to-your-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-transferring-moms-balance-to-your-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Transferring mom's balances to your cards? Not so fast	Yes, you want to help, but if you allow a family member to transfer a balance to your credit card account, you are legally liable for that debt	credit, card, account, family, debt, liable, legal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-fourth-week-citi-062310-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-fourth-week-citi-062310-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise for fourth straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers tiptoed higher this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, marking the fourth consecutive weekly increase.	apr, rate, interest, citi, navy, federal, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-finance-car-or-pay-it-off-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-finance-car-or-pay-it-off-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your car loan: Finance or pay it off?	A reader wants to know if it's better for her credit standing to pay off her car loan or to continue financing for the life of the loan.	credit, car, loan, payoff, financing, interest, buyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-shed-debt-build-credit-scores-workout-plan-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-shed-debt-build-credit-scores-workout-plan-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A 'workout plan' to shed debt, build credit scores	Just like an exercise plan helps you shed weight and build muscle, a credit plan can help you shed debt and build your scores	credit, debt, workout, plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-cell-phone-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-cell-phone-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get a cell phone if you have bad credit	Even if you have bad credit, you don't have to pay more for cell phone service if you know all of your options.	bad, credit, cell, phone, pay as you go, contracts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-credit-card-fees-you-might-not-know-about-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-credit-card-fees-you-might-not-know-about-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 credit card fees you might not know about	In the aftermath of new regulations that cracked down on some of their most lucrative practices, credit card companies are looking for new sources of revenue. If you're not careful, you may get hit with a broad array of old and new fees	credit, card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-growth-fueled-small-purchases-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-growth-fueled-small-purchases-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card growth fueled by small ticket transactions	The days of weekly ATM withdrawals come to a close as the year-over-year growth of debit card usage is being powered by purchases under $20.	debit, card, usage, transactions, atm, cash, merchants, pulse, study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fincen-study-prepaid-gift-card-suspicious-activity-report-required-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fincen-study-prepaid-gift-card-suspicious-activity-report-required-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Proposed Treasury rules take hard line against prepaid card fraud	New rules aimed at fighting crime and terror financing could impact gift card buyers, experts warn. 	gift, prepaid, card, stored, value, treasury, act, rule, terrorism, terrorist, crime, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-mandatory-retire-401k-withdrawal-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-mandatory-retire-401k-withdrawal-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When must you start to make 401(k) withdrawals?	A 70-year-old is about to retire and wonders if he'll soon be forced to start making withdrawals from his 401(k). Our expert has the answer.	401(k), withdrawal, mandatory, retirement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-score-lowes-ge-money-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-score-lowes-ge-money-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taking on more credit won't hurt a good credit score	A responsible borrower's good credit score won't be hurt -- and might even improve -- when taking on additional credit.	credit, score, report, lowes, ge, money, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-get-credit-card-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-get-credit-card-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get a credit card if you have bad credit	A tough economy has left many with bruised credit and lenders reluctant to issue loans. But you can still get a decent card. Here's how	bad, credit, card, FICO, low, score, how to
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-stolen-debit-card-tips-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-stolen-debit-card-tips-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips to handle online debit card theft	Your physical card doesn't have to disappear to be stolen. Online card thieves just need your card's number for signature-based transactions	debit, card, theft, online, PIN, bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-7-point-checklist-bankruptcy-right-for-you-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-7-point-checklist-bankruptcy-right-for-you-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is bankruptcy right for you? Our 7-point checklist will tell you	A reader is fed up and is considering bankruptcy, but she doesn't know if it's wise for her. Our expert offers a 7-point checklist to help her make the right choice.	bankruptcy, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-free-credit-score-financial-reform-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-free-credit-score-financial-reform-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial reform opens access to free credit scores	Financial reform rules now require lenders that turn you down or give you a higher rate to provide you access to a free credit score	credit, score, FICO, Restoring American Financial Stability Act, free, adverse, action
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-accept-credit-cards-garage-sale-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-accept-credit-cards-garage-sale-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: How to accept credit cards at your next garage sale	Garage sales are usually old fashioned and low-tech, but if you're selling a high-priced item such as a flat screen TV or an elliptical machine, that might not be good enough. Here are some tips that can help you accept credit cards at your garage sale.	credit, card, debt, garage, sale, square
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-help-advice-stories-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-help-advice-stories-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit	Got bad credit? Sometimes it can't be avoided. Sometimes it can. Either way, if your credit score's in the dumps, that doesn't mean you don't have options	bad, credit, stories, options
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-improve-credit-score-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-improve-credit-score-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Improving your credit score	Paying your bills in full and on time isn't the only way to improve your credit score. Find out some creative ways to help give your score a lift	bad, credit, credit, score, boost, improve, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-buy-car-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-buy-car-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Buying a car	If your credit score stinks, don't just throw in the towel and buy a bus pass. Learn more about how to buy a car with bad credit with these stories.	bad, credit, buying, car, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-fifth-week-walmart-063010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-fifth-week-walmart-063010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates advance for fifth consecutive week	Credit card APRs increased for the fifth straight week, the longest increase in nearly three years. 	credit, card, apr, interest, rate, walmart
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-a-house-with-bad-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-a-house-with-bad-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to buy a house if you have bad credit	Though a low credit score will decrease your homebuying options, it may not kill them entirely. Here's how to improve your chances of getting a loan.	bad, credit, buy, house, mortgage, loan, rent, to, own, FHA, VA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-buy-home-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-buy-home-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Buying or renting a home	Bad credit history? Don't move into your mom's basement just yet! The economy is forcing landlords and homeowners to be more flexible.	bad, credit, home, rent, buy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-husband-wife-default-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-husband-wife-default-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Husband's card defaults don't need to weigh on wife's credit	Although a husband's debt defaults show up on his wife's credit report, she should be able to clear those negative items	ex, spouse, credit, card, default, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/international-credit-debit-card-scam-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/international-credit-debit-card-scam-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	International card theft targets U.S. consumers	More than a million American consumer card accounts were compromised in an international card scam.	debit, credit, card, international, scam, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-relationships-marriage-divorce-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-relationships-marriage-divorce-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Relationships, marriage and divorce	Just as bad credit can fragment your relationships, some relationships -- especially those in which joint accounts or co-signed loans are involved -- can rip apart your credit score. 	bad, credit, relationships, marriage, divorce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-cell-phones-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-cell-phones-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Getting a cell phone	Many cell phone plans exist that don't require a contract, big deposit or credit check, and many of those plans -- including pay-as-you-go plans -- may even save you money. 	bad, credit, cell, phone, service
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-jobs-employment-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-jobs-employment-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Jobs	It's important to know the costs of negative marks on your credit history and how you should handle a potential employer who requests to see your credit report. 	bad, credit, jobs, employers, employment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/attrition-risk-credit-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/attrition-risk-credit-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Attrition risk' credit score may get you a better card deal	Bitter about your bank? Irritated with your insurer? Your actions -- as measured by so-called "attrition-risk scores" -- could signal to those businesses that you are preparing to try the competition	attrition, risk, score, credit, insurance, cell, phone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-young-adults-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-young-adults-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Young adults	Young people make lots of mistakes. Unfortunately, credit mistakes don't fade into obscurity after college graduation in the way that embarrassing party stories do	bad, credit, young, adults, co-signing, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-comeback-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-cards-comeback-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Small-business credit cards stage a tentative comeback	Small-business owners, whose credit choices evaporated amid the recession and new regulations, have seen a modest return of credit cards aimed at them	small, business, credit, cards, comeback, return, owners
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-widow-liable-late-husband-debt-california-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-widow-liable-late-husband-debt-california-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Widow likely isn't liable for late husband's debts	A widow from California is still unclear if she's liable for her late husband's card debt. Now she's received a 1099-C Cancellation of Debt form. Our expert says she shouldn't worry.	credit, card, debt, california, 1099-C
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-co-sign-credit-card-student-danger-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-co-sign-credit-card-student-danger-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Co-signing your kid's credit is great, unless it endangers yours	A mom is considering co-signing on a credit card for her 18-year-old daughter. Our expert says that while helping your family is noble, it's important to do so with great caution	credit, card, college, student, co-sign, score, report, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Getting a credit card	You need a credit card to improve your credit score, but you need a good credit score to open a credit card account. If you're stuck in this frustrating cycle, don’t give up	bad, credit, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-keep-track-of-rewards-points-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-keep-track-of-rewards-points-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep track of all those rewards points	The idea of earning free stuff is so alluring that many consumers now have too many reward programs to keep tabs on	free, track, rewards, points, programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-personal-finance-author-nancy-trejos-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-personal-finance-author-nancy-trejos-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with 'Hot (Broke) Messes' author Nancy Trejos	Author and Washington Post personal finance columnist Nancy Trejos shares how deep she was in debt and how she managed to climb out	nancy, trejos, hot broke messes, personal, finance, washington, post, credit, card, debt, counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-apr-report-070710-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-apr-report-070710-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates end five-week run of increases	The streak is over. Last week, for the first time in more than the month, the national average interest rate on a new credit card offer did not increase, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, report, citi, chase, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-credit-card-delinquencies-down-aba-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-credit-card-delinquencies-down-aba-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers paying more credit card bills on time	Not since 2002 have Americans been so good about paying their credit card bills on time, according to recent loan delinquency numbers from the ABA.	credit, card, debt, delinquency, American, Banker, Association, home, loans, quarter
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-avoid-bankruptcy-unemployed-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-avoid-bankruptcy-unemployed-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Losing your job doesn't mean you have to file for bankruptcy	A reader just lost her job and has $60,000 in credit card and student loan debt. She's considering going bankrupt, but our expert says that's not going to solve her problems	credit, card, debt, unemployed, bankruptcy, taxes, student, loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-howcredit-card-minimum-payments-are-applied-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-howcredit-card-minimum-payments-are-applied-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Minimum payments won't dent high-interest debt	When only making minimum payments on card balances with varying APRs, the higher-interest debt is only going to go up until you pay more than is required	credit, card, minimum, payments, CARD, Act, high, interest, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overdraft-fees-opt-in-credit-card-act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overdraft-fees-opt-in-credit-card-act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The high cost of opting in to overdraft fees	Choosing to opt out of your bank's overdraft program can save consumers a lot of money in fees and charges.	opt, out, in, overdraft, CARD Act, debit, card, bank, account, savings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-may-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-may-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt falls for 20th straight month	Consumer credit card debt declined by more than $7 billion in May, marking a record 20th straight monthly drop, according to the latest Federal Reserve data.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/auriemma-survey-credit-card-fees-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/auriemma-survey-credit-card-fees-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit card annual fees most hated	A recent survey reveals that of all the costs associated with credit cards, annual fees are the most despised.	credit, cards, fees, Auriemma, Consulting, survey, consumers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anatomy-smart-credit-cardholder-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anatomy-smart-credit-cardholder-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Anatomy of a smart credit cardholder	From your head to your feet, these are key attributes you can hone to help manage your credit wisely	credit, card, anatomy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-account-balance-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-account-balance-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay off your balance each month? Your credit report may not show it	A family's conscientious but high-charging ways could be bad for their credit scores.	credit, card, score, account, balance, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improve-credit-score-real-life-tips-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improve-credit-score-real-life-tips-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 credit score success stories, and what they can teach you	More people are finding that, with patience and discipline, you can move that score from the depths to the stratosphere. Here are tips from three people who've seen big jumps in their credit scores.	credit, card, debt, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-father-financial-control-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-elderly-father-financial-control-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to control elderly dad's financial blunders	A reader wonders how to get her 84-year-old father to rein in his frivolous spending out of fear that he'll eventually get scammed	elderly, father, finances, control, elder, care, lawyer, financial, counselor, adviser
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-small-business-071410-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-small-business-071410-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady for 2nd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers were unchanged for the second straight week, as banks left their card products alone. 	credit, card, rate, annual, percentage, interest, business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-big-four-expenses-budgeting-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-big-four-expenses-budgeting-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Making a budget? Break down the 'Big 4' expenses first	A debt-laden, recent business school graduate wants to trim some expenses to help pay his student loans. Our expert says the key is consider the four biggest areas of expense first	credit, card, budget, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-collection-broken-arbitration-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-collection-broken-arbitration-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC: Fix 'broken' debt collection system	The federal agency says the common ways consumers confront debt collection -- arbitration and litigation -- just don't work	arbitration, litigation, ftc, federal, trade, debt, collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-debt-collections-settlement-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-credit-card-debt-collections-settlement-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt in collections: Do you settle or pay in full?	Once your debt goes into collections, you can choose to pay the full amount or negotiate a lower amount. Which choice looks better on your credit report?	credit, report, debt, settlement, collections, credit, card, issuer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-carnival-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-carnival-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The credit card carnival -- enjoy the ride!	Poorly managed credit can seem like spending eternity at the carnival -- complete with thrill rides and junk food -- if you don't know how to take control.	credit, card, carnival, thrill, ride, carousel, tea, cups, freak, show
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-hiding-places-at-home-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-hiding-places-at-home-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 places to safely stash your plastic at home	Think a thief won't look in your Bible, freezer or underwear drawer for credit cards? It's time to find more creative hiding places.	credit, card, hiding, places, home, safety, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/future-next-generation-credit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/future-next-generation-credit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What next generation credit cards will look like, do for you	Next-generation credit cards are moving from labs to wallets, with touchscreens, bigger memories and the ability to tell you your balance 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-time-car-buyers-credit-report-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-time-car-buyers-credit-report-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First-time car buyers lack financing know-how	Most first time car buyers need to explore credit scores, financing options, before they purchase.	credit, score, car, buying, first, financing, capital, one
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high-credit-score-unprofitable-for-credit-card-issuers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high-credit-score-unprofitable-for-credit-card-issuers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can your credit score be too high?	Responsible cardholders don't generate a whole lot of revenue for issuing banks. But does that mean the bank has the right to refuse you plastic?	credit, card, cardholder, good, credit, bad, gander, mountain, company, world, financial, network, scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-most-unreadable-credit-card-contracts-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-most-unreadable-credit-card-contracts-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 most unreadable credit card contracts	Of all the credit card contracts posted online in a new Federal Reserve database, these were the 10 most unreadable, according to a CreditCards.com analysis	10 worst credit cards, readability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-credit-card-agreement-database-problems-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-credit-card-agreement-database-problems-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New federal credit card agreement database not user-friendly	A new federal database of credit card agreements contains a wealth of information, but it isn't presented in a user-friendly way, critics say	credit, card, agreement, contract, federal, reserve, database, users
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-debt-settlement-tax-1099c-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-card-debt-settlement-tax-1099c-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized user can't be legally responsible for tax payment	Though it may be a noble idea, an authorized cardholder who got into debt trouble can't take on the tax burden for the friend whose credit he damaged.	tax, 1099-C, card, credit, authorized, debt, settlement, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-recovering-after-parent-steals-students-identity-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-recovering-after-parent-steals-students-identity-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take these steps to repair your credit after ID theft by parent	A parent steals a kid's identity. It's an all-too-common story, but with patience and discipline, it can be overcome if it happens to you.	credit, card, fraud, debt, id, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/instant-issue-debit-cards-flat-unembossed-raised-numbers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/instant-issue-debit-cards-flat-unembossed-raised-numbers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Instant-issue debit cards go flat	Lost your debit card again? Your local branch can probably issue a new card on the spot, but beware, it looks and feels quite different	debit, card, embossed, instant, issue, flat, demagnetized, lost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-most-readable-credit-card-agreements-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-most-readable-credit-card-agreements-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 most readable credit card agreements	Of all the credit card contracts posted online in a new Federal Reserve database, these were the 10 most readable, according to a CreditCards.com analysis	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-wordiest-credit-card-agreements-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-wordiest-credit-card-agreements-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 wordiest credit card agreements	Of all the credit card contracts posted online in a new Federal Reserve database, these droned on the longest, according to a CreditCarsds.com analysis	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-statement-readability-man-on-street-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-statement-readability-man-on-street-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Consumers try in vain to read credit card agreements	CreditCards.com took to the streets of Austin, Texas, armed with a credit card agreement. Then we asked the people we met to read it. It wasn't pretty.	credit, card, statement, readability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-readability-study-quotes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-readability-study-quotes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lawmakers, experts react to CreditCards.com's readability study	Lawmakers, consumer advocates, banking industry officials and financial literacy and readability experts react to the CreditCards.com analysis of the readability of U.S. credit card agreements 	credit, card,  readability, creditcards.com, quotes, lawmakers, experts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-tips-how-to-use-retail-store-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-tips-how-to-use-retail-store-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips to use store credit cards the best way	When used right, store cards can get you big discounts. When used wrong, they can get you into big trouble	retail, store, credit, card, cards, tips, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-statement-readability-bible-twilight-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-statement-readability-bible-twilight-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's hardest to read: 'Twilight,' the Bible or a credit card agreement?	According to a CreditCards.com analysis, the average credit card agreement is harder to read than a Bible verse, and more challenging than a real estate purchasing contract. But how do they compare to other works, such as the first Twilight book or even '	credit, card, agreements, readability, twilight, bible, itsy bitsy spider, twinkle twinkle little star, california purchase agreement, bill of rights, declaration of independence, good faith estimate, national anthem
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreement-readability-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreement-readability-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. credit card agreements unreadable to 4 out of 5 adults	A CreditCards.com analysis of the contracts filed in a federal database shows most can't comprehend the agreements their credit card issuers send them	credit card agreement, credit card act, readable, federal reserve, credit card reform law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/large-banks-credit-card-agreement-readability-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/large-banks-credit-card-agreement-readability-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Readability of the credit card agreements from 20 largest issuers	Large national banks issue more than 90 percent of the cards in the United States. Here's how their credit card agreements compare for readability	readability, credit, card, agreements, large, banks, issuers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rocket-scientist-etiquette-post-writer-react-credit-card-contract-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rocket-scientist-etiquette-post-writer-react-credit-card-contract-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 language experts try to make sense of a credit card contract	An ex-spy, a rocket scientist and an etiquette expert wade into a credit card agreement and try to make sense of it. 	language, experts, rocket, scientist, anna post, etiquette, steven collicott, barry eisler
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-credit-card-debt-with-retirement-savings-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-paying-credit-card-debt-with-retirement-savings-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't retire card debt with 401(k) savings	While it may be tempting to cash out retirement accounts to pay down card debt, you'll most likely regret that decision later	credit, card, debt, retirement, 401k, cash, out, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-paying-off-old-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-paying-off-old-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pros and cons of paying off old debt	Yes, paying it off will look good to lenders, but you may not want to restart the clock on debt that has passed the statute of limitations	credit, card, debt, statute, of, limitations, credit, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-3-main-costs-car-ownership-new-used-auto-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-3-main-costs-car-ownership-new-used-auto-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying a car? Know the 3 main costs of auto ownership	As with the car itself, the decision on what to buy has a lot of moving parts, so weigh the variables carefully when comparing new, used autos	compare, costs, new, used, three, gary foreman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-decline-citi-072110-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-decline-citi-072110-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card Interest rates fall for first time since May	Credit card interest rates fell last week for the first time in more than two months, according to CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report.  	credit, card, rate, annual, percentage, interest, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-black-card-opens-doors-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-black-card-opens-doors-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You've arrived! True tales of the mysterious Black Card	This hard-to-get credit card, with its unusual black appearance and hefty metal weight, does more than ensure access to airport lounges	credit, card, Black, Card, american, express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-start-year-delay1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-start-year-delay1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer financial protections at least a year away	Long ramp up time for new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau means consumers will have to wait for credit card protections 	wall street reform law, credit card, credit card reform law, obama, consumer financial protection bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-card-refinance-wells-fargo-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simon-credit-score-card-refinance-wells-fargo-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Refinancing won't do lasting credit score damage	A responsible borrower who refinances his properties is unlikely to see lasting credit score damage	credit, score, report, refinance, wells, fargo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-penalty-disclose-default-apr-interest-rate-credit-card-act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-penalty-disclose-default-apr-interest-rate-credit-card-act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America stops disclosing default APRs	Despite regulations aimed at making credit card agreements more consumer friendly, new cardholders carrying plastic from the No. 2 U.S. bank won't know the exact cost of making a borrowing mistake until it's too late.	credit, card, penalty, default, rate, interest, apr, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2010-quarter2-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2010-quarter2-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nevada still king, Georgia jumps Tennessee in bankruptcies per capita	Nevada is still king, and Georgia jumps Tennessee in bankruptcies per capita. Indiana, Colorado and Utah all jump up in the rankings, while Tennessee and Michigan see small decreases.	per, capita, bankruptcy, filings, state rank, aacer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-liable-credit-card-debt-after-death-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreman-liable-credit-card-debt-after-death-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is Dad responsible for stepmom's credit card debt after her death?	Responsibility for debt after the debtor's death comes down to who signed the contract and what state they're in	credit card, debt, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-three-steps-destroying-mom-dad-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sandberg-three-steps-destroying-mom-dad-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 steps to take after destroying mom or dad's credit	A son who did major damage to his father's credit wants to make things right. Our expert gives advice on how to get his credit -- and his relationship with his dad -- back on track.	credit, report, score, damage, fico, bankrupt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/100-word-job-employment-credit-report-general-statement-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/100-word-job-employment-credit-report-general-statement-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How 100-word credit report letters of explanation can help job hunters	Many potential employers check credit reports today, so if your credit is dinged, adding a 100-word letter of explanation to your credit report can set the record straight 	credit, report, general, statement, 100, words, job, employer 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cosigning-credit-report-leasing-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ossenfort-cosigning-credit-report-leasing-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a credit co-signing goof can impact renting a home	A reader co-signed a loan, which was defaulted upon. Now she needs to rent a home. Are her options as bleak as she thinks?	loan, credit, report, leasing, renting, default, co-signing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-chase-072810-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-chase-072810-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates rise after Chase adjusts card offer	Credit card interest rates increased following Chase's adjustment of a card offer. 	credit, card, rate, annual, percentage, interest, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-comeback-bill-passes-overturn-uigea.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-comeback-bill-passes-overturn-uigea.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bill allowing online gambling passes House test	Online gambling may make a comeback: A law that would permit it passed a House panel, but credit cards are still barred from the poker table	internet, gambline, online, act, bill, uigea, act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bogus-debt-collectors-old-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bogus-debt-collectors-old-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't pay a collector's dubious old debt without firm proof	If a collector calls wanting payment on a very old debt that you don't remember, odds are that you are being scammed	debt, collection, statutes, limitation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-how-credit-card-is-processed-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-how-credit-card-is-processed-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: How a credit card is processed	Find out what happens after you swipe your plastic with this animation showing the complex, multi-party operation that is credit card processing.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-reasons-ignore-credit-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-reasons-ignore-credit-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 reasons to ignore your credit score	You know how important having and maintaining a great credit score is, but there are times when concentrating on something else makes more sense	credit, score, rating, ignore
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-settlement-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-settlement-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC bans upfront fees for debt settlement firms	Those who owe on credit cards, other loans were often soaked, federal agency says in banning upfront fees for debt settlement	federal trade commission, ftc, debt, settlement, upfront, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-things-not-to-do-before-applying-for-credit-card-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-things-not-to-do-before-applying-for-credit-card-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 things NOT to do when you apply for a credit card	When applying for a credit card, especially if you've had money problems, do one of these 10 things, and wham! You've just hurt your chances of getting approved 	apply, credit, mistakes, whammies, not to do
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-card-offer-pre-screened-pre-approved-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-card-offer-pre-screened-pre-approved-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What exactly is a 'pre-screened' credit card offer?	The term "pre-screened" describes card offers that banks have targeted to certain consumers based on their borrowing histories and other personal information	pre-screened, credit, card, offers, mail
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-is-balance-transfer-card-right-for-you-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-is-balance-transfer-card-right-for-you-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is a balance transfer credit card right for you?	A reader has $6,000 in debt on a high-interest credit card. She's considering getting a low-interest balance transfer card, but is right for her? Our expert gives her the scoop.	balance, transfer, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prioritize-debt-payments-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prioritize-debt-payments-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to prioritize debt payments when cash is tight	Owe numerous creditors but don't have enough money to send each a complete payment right away? Prioritize. Here's how	debt, repayment, payment, prioritize
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-reasons-credit-card-blocked-tips-for-handling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-reasons-credit-card-blocked-tips-for-handling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 reasons your credit card gets blocked	When your credit card company stops a thief from charging fraudulent expenses to your card, you're thrilled. But what happens when they mistake you for the thief? We can help	credit card block
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-card-offer-pre-screened-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-card-offer-pre-screened-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Prescreened' credit card offers: What exactly are they?	When you get a credit card offer that says that it's "prescreened," it means that you've been targeted for a special offer based on your credit report and such. But does it mean that the deal is guaranteed?	credit, score, report, screen, offer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-marrying-bad-credit-spouse-finance-romance-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-marrying-bad-credit-spouse-finance-romance-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do you marry someone with $150,000 in debt?	A woman wonders if she'll ruin her credit by marrying a man who has $150,000 in debt. Our expert says no, but be careful to keep romance and finances separate.	debt, marriage, fiance, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-pay-credit-card-debt-with-401k-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-pay-credit-card-debt-with-401k-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't use 401(k) to pay off credit card debt	Yes, you could pay debt off and cut back to a three-day work week, but the price would be working many, many more of those weeks	401k, debt, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-experts-reveal-worst-money-advice-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-experts-reveal-worst-money-advice-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial experts reveal their worst money advice	They say free advice is worth what you pay for it, but for these financial experts, it was actually a lot more costly	financial, advice, money, experts, bad, worst
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-retirement-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-retirement-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card debt delays retirement dreams	The dream of an easy retirement is being clouded -- and delayed -- as more older workers approach the golden years with credit card debt	credit, card, debt, retire
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-emotions-relationships-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-advice-emotions-relationships-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help for bad credit: Dealing emotionally	If a bad credit score keeps you up at night, wrecks your relationships or burns your confidence, you need to take steps to face, accept and change those three unsightly digits -- without losing your cool. 	bad, credit, relationships, emotions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-walmart-080410-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-walmart-080410-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates fall after Walmart card makes online return	Interest rates on new credit card offers fall after G.E. Money brings back its Walmart Discover card. 	credit, card, rate, annual, percentage, interest, walmart, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spouses-lie-about-finances-secrets-survey-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spouses-lie-about-finances-secrets-survey-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	80 percent of spouses lie about spending	Secret spenders have hidden credit cards, bank accounts and debts.	credit, card, survey, spouses, hidden, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-credit-card-act-maintenance-fees-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-credit-card-act-maintenance-fees-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit CARD Act doesn't prevent new fees	While the new law does regulate a lot, what it doesn't do is prevent card issuers from imposing creative new fees, such as 'maintenance' fees	credit card, act, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-create-price-book-comparison-shopping-1538.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-create-price-book-comparison-shopping-1538.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to create a price book to help you comparison shop	It takes a while to gather the information you need, but once you do, you'll never be fooled into buying an overpriced 'sale' item again	price, book, comparison, shopping, groceries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/are-cash-back-debit-cards-worth-it-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/are-cash-back-debit-cards-worth-it-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are cash back debit cards worth it?	Cash-back debit cards are becoming more common, but are they a good deal? Maybe -- as long as fees and restrictions don't bite into your earnings	cash, back, debit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/back-to-school-spending-priorities-clash-for-parents-kids-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/back-to-school-spending-priorities-clash-for-parents-kids-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Back-to-school spending priorities clash for parents, kids	Parents may be opening their wallets more while back-to-school shopping, but teens aren't happy with what they are buying. 	American Express, Capital One, back-to-school, student, students, shopping, parents
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-june-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-june-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt shrinks further in June	Consumer credit card debt slumped by $4.5 billion in June, marking a record 21st straight monthly drop, according to the latest Federal Reserve data.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marriage-managing-money-separate-joint-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marriage-managing-money-separate-joint-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mine, yours and ours: Marriage and your money	When you say 'I do,' it's not just your lives that are forever linked, it's your funds too. For the sake of connubial contentment, is it better to intermingle your money or maintain your financial independence?	marriage, love, money, separate, accounts, financial, independence
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-august-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-august-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve again leaves interest rates unchanged	Amid signs that the economic recovery is in doubt, the Federal Reserve on Tuesday kept interest rates unchanged, leaving the majority of credit cardholders protected from sudden increases in their annual percentage rates	federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, apr, interest, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-capital-one-081110-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-capital-one-081110-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates see 3rd drop in 4 weeks	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell for the third time in four weeks, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after Capital One lowered the rate on a card product.  	federal, reserve, apr, interest, rate, capital, one, card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-who-pays-credit-card-debt-divorce-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-who-pays-credit-card-debt-divorce-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorce and credit card debt don't mix	While a decree can assign payment responsibility for joint credit card debt, if your ex doesn't pay as agreed, your credit is at risk	credit, card, debt, divorce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carderplanet-badb-data-thief-cybercriminal-arrested-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carderplanet-badb-data-thief-cybercriminal-arrested-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Alleged cybercriminal, cartoonist arrested in France	An alleged founder of an international website used to traffic massive volumes of stolen bank card data has been arrested in France, according to an indictment unsealed Wednesday	carderplanet, badb, dumps, cartoon, flash, animation,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-four-myths-debt-marriage-divorce-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/herigstad-four-myths-debt-marriage-divorce-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 common myths about debt and marriage	A reader has suspicions her husband is having an expensive cash-only affair, using plastic to cover household expenses. Is she liable for that debt?	credit, card, debt, infidelity, husband, affair
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/divorce-joint-debt-stories-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/divorce-joint-debt-stories-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorce and debt: Advice on dividing up, paying off debt	Divorce is stressful enough. When jointly held debt is involved, things get a lot more complicated. Check out the advice in these stories	divorce, credit, card, debt, advice
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-soft-hard-pull-credit-report-difference-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-soft-hard-pull-credit-report-difference-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Hard' vs. 'soft' credit pulls	How your credit record is pulled will affect your credit score: One type of inquiry is harmless, the other will cost you points	credit, report, hard, soft, pull
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-4-steps-negotiate-settlement-private-student-loan-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-4-steps-negotiate-settlement-private-student-loan-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 steps to settling privately funded student loans	A reader has defaulted on private education loans and wonders what his options are. Our expert offers some key steps he can take to ease his burden	student, loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-experian-plus-creditxpert-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-experian-plus-creditxpert-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Different websites provide very different credit scores	Very different credit scores from two separate websites lead a reader to question the credit scoring system. 	credit, score, experian, equifax, bank, america, plus, creditxpert
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q2-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q2-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card lending standards loosen for 1st time in 3 years	It got easier to get a credit card in the second quarter of 2010, according to data released by the Federal Reserve on Monday	loan officer survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-reward-credit-cards-2009-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-store-reward-credit-cards-2009-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com 2009 retail credit card chart	This year was tough for all credit card companies, but retail credit card issuers experienced greater losses than their general market counterparts.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faq-jeremy-simon-cancel-close-credit-card-score-fico-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faq-jeremy-simon-cancel-close-credit-card-score-fico-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will canceling your credit card hurt your credit score?	Each day this week, our columnists will answer one of our readers' most frequently asked questions. Our series continues with a focus on credit scoring.	credit, score, card, fico, close, account, cancel, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-trade-commission-changes-consumer-rights-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-trade-commission-changes-consumer-rights-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC aims to clarify disclosure of consumers' credit reporting rights	When you get a copy of your credit report, it comes with a document that lists your rights. Now, the Federal Trade Commission is working to make those disclosures much easier to read.   	federal, trade, commission, ftc, credit, report, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-preparing-finances-for-marriage-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-preparing-finances-for-marriage-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways to ensure a financially successful marriage	Tying the knot? Know that finances are one of the top five reasons for divorce. Here's how to keep your money and marriage together	credit, card, debt, marriage, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-united-states-canada-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-united-states-canada-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best to clean up debt in your home country	When moving to Canada, it's in your best interest to make sure all your debts are paid back home. Here's why 	mortgage, canada, united states, debt, collections, settlement, foreclosure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-wells-fargo-081810-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-wells-fargo-081810-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wells Fargo move boosts credit card interest rates	Interest rates on new credit card offers rose slightly this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after Wells Fargo increased the rate on a card	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, wells, fargo, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-dangers-abroad-international-tips-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/atm-dangers-abroad-international-tips-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for minimizing danger of using an ATM card abroad	Problems at ATMs are a rarity in America. But if traveling abroad, you may need to be wary 	atm, card, danger, international, abroad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd-power-survey-2010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd-power-survey-2010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express No. 1 in customer service survey	AmEx trumped other major issuers in customer satisfaction in the 2010 Credit Card Satisfaction Study, conducted by J.D. Power and Associates	American, Express, Discover, Wells, Fargo, BarclayCard, HSBC, Capital, One, Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-final-phase-begins-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-final-phase-begins-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit CARD Act begins final phase	Gift card protections, requirements for reasonable fees and mandatory account reviews when interest rates are hiked are among the new consumer protections in Phase III of the Credit CARD Act of 2009. 	credit card act, credit card law, reform law, phase iii, obama, penalty rates, gift cards, review accounts, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-flyer-rewards-remain-popular-card-act-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-flyer-rewards-remain-popular-card-act-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Even after CARD Act, airline reward cards still fly high	Predictions that the Credit CARD Act of 2009 would cause airline rewards to dry up have proven untrue	airline, credit, card, reward, frequent, flier, CARD Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faq-erica-sandberg-best-credit-card-debt-help-for-me-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faq-erica-sandberg-best-credit-card-debt-help-for-me-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What sort of credit card debt help is best for you?	Each day this week, our columnists will answer one of our readers' most frequently asked questions. Today, we focus on getting debt help.	credit card debt relief
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faq-todd-ossenfort-getting-debt-collectors-off-your-back-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/faq-todd-ossenfort-getting-debt-collectors-off-your-back-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How do you get debt collectors off your back?	Each day this week, our columnists will answer one of our readers' most frequently asked questions. Our series begins with a focus on debt collectors	debt, collection, collectors, Fair, Debt, Collection, Practices, Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cost-getting-credit-card-in-your-pocket-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cost-getting-credit-card-in-your-pocket-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's it cost to get a credit card in your pocket?	What does it cost to get a single credit card into a willing consumer's pocket? Not much, industry experts say, and most of the cost comes once the card's already made.	credit, card, cost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-agreement-readability-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-agreement-readability-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Why you don't understand your credit card agreement	A CreditCards.com  study found that the average U.S. credit card agreement is written on a 12th grade level. That means 4 in 5 Americans can't understand their agreement, since the average adult reads at a ninth grade level. Why are they so hard to read? 	credit card agreements, readability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-faq-good-credit-great-credit-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-faq-good-credit-great-credit-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to transform a good credit score to great	Each day this week, our columnists will answer one of our readers' most frequently asked questions. Today, we focus on how to boost your credit score.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-faq-should-you-cosign-loan-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-faq-should-you-cosign-loan-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you ever co-sign a loan?	Each day this week, our columnists will answer one of our readers' most frequently asked questions. Today, 'New Frugal You' columnist Gary Foreman ponders, should you co-sign a loan?	co-sign, loan, reader, question, faq
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-first-premier-082510-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-first-premier-082510-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates stay steady, but 59.9 percent APR reappears	The national average interest rate on new credit card offers was unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, even as one issuer reintroduced an extremely high rate. 	credit, cards, first, premier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-offenders-felons-prisoners-jail-in-debt-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-offenders-felons-prisoners-jail-in-debt-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ex-offenders face big debt challenges after prison	Most ex-offenders, once they are free, face overbearing debt obligations and job barriers, often forcing them to return to a life of crime	prison, debt, offenders, child, support, barriers, jobs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-high-credit-card-apr-options-compare-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-high-credit-card-apr-options-compare-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your options for reducing a high credit card APR	If your card issuer won't lower your high rate APR, you have several options -- including moving to a new card	credit, card, APR, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-how-new-credit-card-affects-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-how-new-credit-card-affects-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a new credit card affects your credit score	A reader "accidentally" applied for a new Costco American Express card and believes that it might hurt her credit score	credit, card, American, Express, Costco, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zac-bissonnette-author-qa-debt-free-u-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zac-bissonnette-author-qa-debt-free-u-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Zac Bissonnette, author of 'Debt-Free U'	Author Zac Bissonnette argues that the risks inherent in college loans far outweigh any benefit of a degree from a big-name school	college, loans, borrow, student, debt, zac bissonnette, author, QA, Debt-Free U
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/filing-chapter-7-bankruptcy-good-or-bad-idea-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/filing-chapter-7-bankruptcy-good-or-bad-idea-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You're eligible for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, but should you file?	A reader who has fallen on hard times wonders if Chapter 7 bankruptcy is right for her. Her lawyer says yes. Our expert says she's not so sure.	bankruptcy, chapter, 7, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-charge-card-amex-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-charge-card-amex-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Charge card balances won't impact a FICO credit score	Although the balances on credit cards are used in the calculation of credit scores, that isn't the case for charge card accounts. 	credit, charge, card, fico, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-dont-fear-online-coupon-clipping-websites-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-dont-fear-online-coupon-clipping-websites-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't be afraid of online coupon services -- they save money, too	Traditional paper coupon-clipping is fine, but as long as you steer clear of the too-nosy ones, online coupon sites have advantages, too	online, coupon, clipping, services, websites
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-freeze-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-report-freeze-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Put your credit report on ice with a credit freeze	Credit freezes can be great tools for protecting yourself against identity theft, experts say, but they're not for everyone	credit, freeze, report, score, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-fall-capital-one-090110-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-fall-capital-one-090110-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One's moves send credit card interest rates falling	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, after Capital One introduced lower rates on several of its cards.	credit, card, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-identity-trashing-disposing-old-computers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-identity-trashing-disposing-old-computers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 steps to take when disposing of your computer	Millions dump their old computers without much concern about all the sensitive information still stored on the hard drives, making them ripe for theft	credit, identity, computer, trash, old
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vending-machines-take-credit-debit-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vending-machines-take-credit-debit-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Vending machines that take credit, debit cards catch on	Newfangled machines take plastic and sell everything from fancy electronics to wine -- and yes, they can check your ID, too	credit, debit, vending, machines
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-payments-consumer-protections-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-payments-consumer-protections-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Going mobile? Link payments to credit cards for best protection	When it comes to mobile commerce, all payment methods are not created equal. Transactions linked to prepaid cards offer the least protection against unauthorized use and billing disputes	cell phone, mobile payments, credit cards, wireless, contactless, mobile commerce, billing dispute, cell phone carrier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-pyramid-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-pyramid-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. looks to create a financial literacy pyramid	Like the food pyramid, the Treasury Department wants to create a financial literacy pyramid to help make financial education concepts more memorable and accessible. 	financial, literacy, pyramid, treasury department
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-steps-wise-use-first-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-steps-wise-use-first-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 steps for handling your 1st credit card wisely	A reader just got her first student credit card and wonders what to do with it once she's "done" with it. Our expert tells her, but not before offering some tips for using her card wisely.	credit, card, student
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-first-credit-card-tips-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-first-credit-card-tips-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Plastic neophyte questions logic of getting credit	An employed college grad wonders whether she should or shouldn't get that first credit card.	first, credit, card, dangers, advantages, advice
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-july-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-july-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt shrinks again in July	Consumer credit card debt fell by more than $4 billion in July, a record 22nd straight monthly drop, according to the latest Federal Reserve data. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-nitrogen-filled-tires-not-worth-cost-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-nitrogen-filled-tires-not-worth-cost-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Filling your car's tires with nitrogen not worth the added cost	Although proponents say nitrogen reduces leakage and prevents tires from deteriorating, the claims don't stand up to scrutiny	nitrogen, air, tires, car, fill, leak, deterioration
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-card-act-backfires-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-card-act-backfires-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when CARD Act rules backfire on you	A reader with multiple low-rate promotional card balances has found that the new CARD Act is thwarting her attempt to pay down several balances 	Credit, CARD, Act, backfires, promotional, balance, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-fall-nfl-barclays-090810-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-fall-nfl-barclays-090810-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NFL credit card returns, but APRs remain unchanged	Interest rates on new credit card offers were unchanged, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, following the return of the NFL Extra Points Rewards credit card.	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr, barclays, bank, america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-credit-card-2010-update-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retail-credit-card-2010-update-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retail cards 2010: Higher APRs, reduced rewards	2010 was not kind to retail credit cardholders. However, as the economy stabilizes, relief from higher APRs could be in the cards.	retail, credit, cards, APR, rewards, programs, CARD Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/annual-fee-credit-card-survey-2010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/annual-fee-credit-card-survey-2010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	1 in 4 cards have annual fees, but do you have to pay?	One in four U.S. credit cards has an annual fee, but that doesn't mean borrowers have to pay them	credit, card, annual, fee, charge, pay, bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-credit-score-myths-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-credit-score-myths-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 credit score myths do more harm than good	In today’s economy, a good credit score is more valuable than ever, but not all advice is good advice. These nine credit score myths that can do more harm than good	credit, score, myths, nine, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-preapproved-credit-card-contract-rejection-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-preapproved-credit-card-contract-rejection-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Got a 'preapproved' credit card offer? Sorry, you may not get it	A reader who's never had a credit card in her own name wonders why she's getting rejected for 'preapproved' credit cards. Our expert explains that preapproved offers aren't the same as a binding contract	credit, card, preapproved
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-dispute-experian-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-dispute-experian-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cardholders must fight to correct credit report errors	Consumers need to take advantage of consumer protection law by disputing credit reporting errors with both the bank and credit bureau. 	credit, report, card, error, dispute, experian, ftc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-should-you-enroll-in-overdraft-protection-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-should-you-enroll-in-overdraft-protection-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Should you enroll in overdraft protection?	New federal rules require banks to get your permission before they enroll you overdraft protection. Should you opt in? Before you decide, watch this video explaining the ins and outs of overdraft protection and the advantages and disadvantages of opting i	bank, overdraft, protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/community-property-credit-card-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/community-property-credit-card-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 things cardholders should know about community property laws	If your marriage ends in death, annulment or divorce, what happens to debts and community property depends greatly on where you live	credit, card, debt, community property
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-credit-card-strategies-before-after-job-loss-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smart-credit-card-strategies-before-after-job-loss-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Smart credit card strategies before and after a job loss	If you've gotten a pink slip -- or expect that you soon will -- it's time to upend everything you thought you knew about using your credit cards	credit card, unemployed, job loss, pink slip, strategies, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-growth-unbanked-regulations-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-card-growth-unbanked-regulations-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid cards a new way to bank?	Though they don't carry the same protections as credit or debit cards, reloadable prepaid cards are how a growing number of Americans are doing their banking: 	prepaid, cards, walmart, green, dot, fees, unbanked
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-collectors-no-assets-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-collectors-no-assets-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	On a fixed income with debt collectors calling	A reader's parents are being pursued by debt collectors wonders how they can pay when they have no assets and are living on fixed incomes	debt, collection, statute, limitations, Texas, Social, security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-report-foia-fcra-facta-fico-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-report-foia-fcra-facta-fico-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	F-words foul up the process of getting a FICO score	A reader may be lost in a sea of acronyms when he confuses the Freedom of Information Act with FCRA, FACTA and FICO.	fico, foia, fcra, facta, credit, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-lynette-khalfani-cox-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-lynette-khalfani-cox-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Lynnette Khalfani-Cox	Like the plumber with leaky faucets at home, money coach and personal finance author Khalfani-Cox had racked up more than $100,000 in debt.	lynnette, khalfani-cox, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-steady-apr-091510-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-steady-apr-091510-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates remain unchanged for second-straight week	Credit card interest rates held steady this week at their lowest levels since mid-May	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-co-signing-mortgage-upside-down-retirement-plans.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-co-signing-mortgage-upside-down-retirement-plans.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Co-signing a daughter's mortgage endangers retirement plans	When their daughter's  home loan went upside down, a couple's retirement plans went topsy-turvy. But there are options	upside down, mortgage, co-sign, expert qa, retirment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-paying-debt-collectors-when-broke-bully-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-paying-debt-collectors-when-broke-bully-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't allow debt collectors to bully you	Debt collectors can be intimidating, but don't let them coerce you to making payments that leave you flat broke	debt, collectors, payments, ftc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-debt-using-credit-cards-responsibly-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-debt-using-credit-cards-responsibly-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to re-establish responsible credit card use after debt problems	After cleaning up past debt mess, the first question to ask is whether you've learned your credit card lesson and can handle credit responsibly now	debt, credit, card, re-establish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-sept-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-sept-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve again leaves interest rates alone	The U.S. central bank's Federal Open Market again left interest rates alone, meaning most cardholders are safe from APR increases in the immediate future	federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, apr, interest, rate, fomc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/map-community-property-laws-by-state-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/map-community-property-laws-by-state-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare states' community property laws in divorce	Detailed information on how assets and debts are divided in marriage and divorce in the 10 states with community property laws	credit, card, debt, community property
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overdraft-debit-protection-opt-in-alternatives-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overdraft-debit-protection-opt-in-alternatives-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card overdraft protection: when to avoid it, when to opt in	The rules have changed on debit card overdraft fees; we offer four cheap ways to avoid them and list three cases in which you should consider opting in	debit, card, overdraft, fee, opt in, cheap, alternatives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-4-steps-paying-off-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-4-steps-paying-off-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 simple steps to getting rid of credit card debt	A mother is seeking guidance for her debt-ridden son. Our expert offers some common-sense steps to pay the debt down, but it won't be easy.	credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-newlywed-married-into-hidden-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-newlywed-married-into-hidden-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Newlywed nightmare: hidden debt	A new wife gets an unpleasant surprise from her new husband when he reveals that he has $20,000 in debt that he'd been keeping secret 	married, debt, joint, community, property
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-authorized-user-stuck-after-breakup-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-authorized-user-stuck-after-breakup-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After a breakup, who's responsible for card debt?	If you allow your significant other to become an authorized user on your card account, you're stuck with the bill, no matter what happens	credit, card, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-dip-092210-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-dip-092210-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates dip after Sony Card returns	Credit card interest rates fall this week after the Sony Card made its return	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, federal, reserve, sony
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-good-bad-ugly-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-offers-good-bad-ugly-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The good, bad and the ugly of credit card offers	Credit card offers are back from the dead, so  if you've got a high credit score, you're in demand and are likely to have a mailbox stuffed full of offers.  If you've got average or bad credit, however, the story's likely quite different. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/volunteers-credit-reports-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/volunteers-credit-reports-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to volunteer? Be sure your credit's good	Volunteerism is on the rise, thanks in part to the recession. And more and more, volunteers are being asked to submit to the same background screening techniques that employers use to vet job candidates.  	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/15-times-when-not-to-use-credit-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/15-times-when-not-to-use-credit-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	15 times when you shouldn't use your credit card	There are plenty of reasons to use a credit card -- convenience, accountability and safety among them -- but when is it better just to step away from the swiper? Here are 15 examples 	credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-report-retail-card-fico-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-report-retail-card-fico-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More than retail cards needed for an excellent FICO score	Retail credit cards, if used responsibly, can earn the cardholder a good -- but not great -- credit score. To take your score higher, you'll need a mix of cards	credit, report, bureau, score, fico, retail, experian, transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-ways-cope-debt-related-stress-emotions-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-ways-cope-debt-related-stress-emotions-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 simple ways to cope with debt-related stress	If you’re one of the millions of Americans in considerable debt, it isn’t just your pocketbook that could be affected, but your health, too. Here are four ways to help you cope	credit, card, debt, related, stress, cope, strategies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parents-stealing-childrens-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parents-stealing-childrens-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	All in the family: Parents stealing kids' identities	It's a crime that can go undetected for years and appears to be happened more often. How do you detect, fix identity theft by a parent?	identity, theft, kids, parents, steps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-good-examples-of-bad-charging-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-good-examples-of-bad-charging-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You went into debt for THAT?!? Good examples of bad charging	There's a right way and a wrong way to use plastic. And then there's a really, really wrong way. Here are tales of extreme and hazardous uses of plastic	credit, cards, debt, bad charging
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/guide-federal-government-debit-card-electronic-payments-1284.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/guide-federal-government-debit-card-electronic-payments-1284.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government payments go plastic	If you're receiving federal government benefits, a debit card may be in your future. 	debit, card, social, security, government
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/questions-to-ask-to-find-select-find-right-credit-counselor-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/questions-to-ask-to-find-select-find-right-credit-counselor-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	15 questions that will help you find the right credit counselor	Knowing what to ask will help you be prepared before, during and after your initial credit counseling session	pick, find, select, right, best, credit counselor, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-kids-not-responsible-for-parents-debts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-kids-not-responsible-for-parents-debts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Kids aren't responsible for parents' old debts	A reader's parents are delinquent on an old bill for her private grade-school tuition. Now that she's an adult, collectors are coming after her for payment. Our expert advises her what to do.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-ways-to-know-wrong-credit-card-for-you-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-ways-to-know-wrong-credit-card-for-you-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 ways to know you've got the wrong credit card for you	You had a closet full of clothes you adored as a teenager -- but that doesn't mean you'd wear them now, right? The same thing goes for your credit card	credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zen-and-art-of-credit-card-management-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zen-and-art-of-credit-card-management-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zen and the art of credit card management	Credit cards can offer peace of mind, but more often than not, they create undue stress. You can bring tranquility into your financial life by following these five strategies for attaining credit card Zen	zen, art, credit, card, management
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/does-debt-follow-you-overseas-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/does-debt-follow-you-overseas-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What happens to unpaid credit card debt if you move abroad?	Unpaid credit card debts may be tougher to collect if you leave the country. But there are still reasons you should pay up.	credit, card, debt, overseas, abroad, unpaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-student-loan-repayment-options-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-student-loan-repayment-options-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student loans in default: What are your options?	A reader has amassed huge student loans, but dropped out of college and is making only $200 a week. She wonders what her options are.	student, loan, repayment, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-haggle-negotiate-lower-debt-rates-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-haggle-negotiate-lower-debt-rates-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to haggle to reduce your credit card debt and rates	You've heard the ads promising quick and easy debt reduction, but there's nothing easy or quick about them	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-jump-092910-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-apr-jump-092910-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interest rates jump following Capital One APR hikes	Interest rates on new credit card offers offers jumped this week, after Capital One increased rates on seven of its cards.   	interest, rate, apr, report, capital, one, cap, card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-torture-test-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-torture-test-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Credit card torture test	How much abuse can a credit card take and still work? Will it swipe after you bake it? Or if you use it as a shovel? News videographer Angela Grant puts some cards through a series of experiments and then tests them to see if they still function.	credit, card, torture, debit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nfcc-2010-award-carole-don-carroll-debt-free-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nfcc-2010-award-carole-don-carroll-debt-free-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Carole and Don Carroll: Debt-free after 30 years	Everyday was a complicated dance balancing $88,000 on more than a dozen credit cards. Today, they are debt free and winners of a major award for their efforts	NFCC, PACE, 2010, Carole, Don, Carroll, $88,000, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bad-credit-home-ownership-advice-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bad-credit-home-ownership-advice-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit? You can still buy a house	Just because you're credit's not great doesn't mean that you won't be able to buy a home. It's just a little harder and a little more costly	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rules-penalty-rate-cure-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rules-penalty-rate-cure-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers required to 'cure' penalty rates	Missed a couple of credit card bills and get socked with a penalty APR? New rules give you an opportunity to get your old rate back 	credit, card, penalty, rate, cure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-mom-dad-identity-theft-debt-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-mom-dad-identity-theft-debt-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tackle credit card fraud fast, whether parents or strangers are to blame	A student had her credit ruined several years ago when her parents stole her identity and ran up debts. Now the collectors are coming after her. Our expert helps steer her toward clearing her name and credit.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-authorized-user-small-business-credit-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-authorized-user-small-business-credit-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When a parent's 'favor' can ruin your credit	A reader is an authorized user on his dad's small business card. However, his credit is taking a hit as dad's business has fallen on hard times. Our expert says the reader should remove himself from that account ASAP.	business, credit, card, authorized
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-credit-card-urban-legends-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-credit-card-urban-legends-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 credit card urban legends and why we fall for them	A magical way to erase debt, the debt collector who wants $0 and battling Osama with your plastic -- all urban legends that prey on our weaknesses 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sending-money-to-jail-prison-inmates-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sending-money-to-jail-prison-inmates-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sending money to jail, managing it while in prison pose challenges	Need to send money to someone in jail or prison? Restrictions abound, rules vary and jails are their own mini-economies	jail, prison, inmate, send, money, credit card, debit card, money transfer, ez card, jpay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-advice-finances-jail-prison-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-advice-finances-jail-prison-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Going to jail? 10 tips for reducing the financial damage	Credit counselors, attorneys and ex-convicts offer 10 pieces of advice on safeguarding your finances if you're going to jail 	jail, prison, finances, inmates, bad credit, debts, bills, advice, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prepare-inmate-financially-jail-prison-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prepare-inmate-financially-jail-prison-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prepare financially for time in prison	Experts say few people serving time take steps to safeguard their finances while behind bars. Doing so helps them avoid piling on more debt from interest, fines and fees	jail, prison, bad credit, bills bankrupt, finances, credit cards 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-credit-card-balance-transfer-caution-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-credit-card-balance-transfer-caution-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use caution when assuming another's debts	A reader wants to transfer her partner's card debt to a card in her name. Our expert outlines the steps to take as well as the risks she's taking on.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-guidelines-budget-spending-categories-generic-plan-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-guidelines-budget-spending-categories-generic-plan-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A generic budget: Guidelines for spending categories	These rules of thumb for how much you should spend for housing, entertainment, etc., help you know if your spending's a little out of whack or a lot	spending, budget, plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-back-to-back-increases-100610-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-back-to-back-increases-100610-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates see 2nd straight increase	For the second straight week, it got more expensive to get a new credit card, though only slightly	credit, card, interest, rates, apr, survey, creditcards.com
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-health-care-credit-cards-warning-signs-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-health-care-credit-cards-warning-signs-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Medical credit cards: Watch for these warning signs	With out-of-pocket medical costs skyrocketing, medical credit cards are on the rise. But can they hurt more than they help?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall, mark 2 full years of decline	Consumer credit card debt has now fallen for two full years, according to the Federal Reserve's latest G.19 consumer credit report, as continuing economic troubles have made banks and borrowers unwilling to carry too much debt. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-gail-vaz-oxlade-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-gail-vaz-oxlade-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Gail Vaz-Oxlade	In the mood for a money and credit management expert who pulls no punches yet somehow remains cheery and kind? Look no further than Gail Vaz-Oxlade. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-wage-garnishment-debt-help-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-wage-garnishment-debt-help-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	There's no easy way to make debt disappear	A couple facing wage garnishment wants to know where to turn to get rid of debt. Our expert warns against believing those debt elimination scams.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-extreme-budgeting-ideas-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-extreme-budgeting-ideas-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Over your head in debt? 5 extreme budgeting ideas	For many people struggling with unemployment or other financial calamity; however, just cutting back on expenses is not enough.  Here are 5 extreme ways to save money.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-time-for-new-credit-card-key-questions-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-time-for-new-credit-card-key-questions-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: 4 ways to know if it's time for a new credit card	Just because an outfit looked great on you when you were 16 doesn't mean you'd be caught dead in it today, right? The same goes for your credit card. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-remove-cancel-credit-cards-credit-report-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-remove-cancel-credit-cards-credit-report-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceled credit cards don't leave your credit report quickly	A reader wants to remove some old, rarely used credit card accounts from her credit report. Our expert tells her why that's not always a good idea.	credit, score, report, cancel, history, utilization
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-fixed-income-debt-budget-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-fixed-income-debt-budget-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying down debt on fixed income: Tough, but possible	A reader on disability is seeking help with paying her sizable credit card debt while on a fixed income. It won't be easy, our expert says, but a realistic budget will help	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-divorce-debt-when-ex-doesnt-pay-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-divorce-debt-when-ex-doesnt-pay-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to deal with debt after a divorce when ex-spouse won't pay	Even if there's a court order, getting money out of a deadbeat ex isn't easy	divorce, debt, payment, credit card, minimum payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lost-credit-card-rewards-late-payment-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lost-credit-card-rewards-late-payment-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Forgot to pay your credit card bill? You could lose your rewards points	Here's another reason to pay your credit card bill on time: If you pay late, you could lose your rewards points	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2010-quarter3-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-per-capita-state-rank-2010-quarter3-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nevada's residents remain most likely to file for bankruptcy	Nevadans, hard hit by the recession, hold the dubious distinction of being most likely to file for bankruptcy, court records show	state, bankruptcies, filings, per capita, aacer, nevada
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hoarding-buried-in-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hoarding-buried-in-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hoarders: Buried in debt	For hoarders, the compulsion to collect, store and acquire things takes over the ability to keep track of finances.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-chase-101310-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-chase-101310-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates flat despite Chase changes	Interest rates on new credit card offers were unchanged this week, despite several APR changes from Chase.	credit, card, interest, rates, apr, survey, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hsa-fsa-health-cards-prescription-benefits-change-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hsa-fsa-health-cards-prescription-benefits-change-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Health care law brings expensive changes to FSA, HSA use	Unless you have a prescription, that card you've used to buy drugs could have a surcharge tacked on	prescription, medicine, hsa, fsa, card, health care, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-newlywed-options-paying-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-newlywed-options-paying-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying off joint debt brought into a marriage	When both partners bring substantial credit card debt into a marriage, it will take a joint effort in order to pay the debt off	debt, partners, spouse, joint, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-cosigning-car-loan-risks-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-cosigning-car-loan-risks-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Inherent risks exist when co-signing a car loan	A reader wonders whether she should co-sign on a car loan for a student who needs a car to commute to college	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-auto-loan-rebuild-credit-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-auto-loan-rebuild-credit-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can quickly repaying a car loan help rebuild credit?	A reader asks whether quickly repaying a car loan will not only save money but also help her to rebuild credit in time for a home purchase. 	credit, score, report, loan, car, auto, refi, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dark-side-of-piggybacking-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dark-side-of-piggybacking-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The dark side of piggybacking	A mom who has fallen on hard times laments that her struggles are hurting her son's credit, since he's an authorized user on her card. Our expert tells her how to clean up the mess	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-hardship-program-debt-problems-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-hardship-program-debt-problems-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card hardship programs: Little-known alternative for debtors	Card issuers don't publicize them, but most have internal hardship programs for customers who have trouble paying their debts	hardship, program, credit, card, issuer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-fed-loophole-clarifications-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-fed-loophole-clarifications-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed moves to close credit card application fee loophole	Some card issuers had ducked a cap on fees on new accounts by charging a fee before the account was open. Not so fast, says the Fed 	credit card act, credit card reform law, federal reserve, application, fees, subprime, gift cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-learn-credit-card-billing-cycle-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-learn-credit-card-billing-cycle-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Learn your credit card billing cycle to avoid late charges	The Credit CARD Act has changed the rules for billing and how payments are applied; know them to avoid surprises -- and trouble 	credit, card, act, billing, cycle, payments, minimum
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marquette-interest-rate-usury-laws-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marquette-interest-rate-usury-laws-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a Supreme Court ruling killed off usury laws for credit card rates	How a 1978 court case changed the credit card industry and put cards in everyone's pockets, but erased state laws that limit interest rates	credit, cards, usury, laws, south dakota, delaware
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-versus-tax-deductions-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-versus-tax-deductions-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why paying card debt can trump 2010 tax tips	What may sound like a good tax strategy for 2010 may actually be less valuable to you than paying off credit card debt	taxes, deductions, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-chase-capital-one-102010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-chase-capital-one-102010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise on Chase, Cap One changes	Interest rates on new credit card offers inched up this week, following after rate hikes from Capital One and Chase. 	credit, card, interest, rates, apr, survey, chase, capital, one, bank, america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-fico-score-ask-lower-limit-credit-card-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-fico-score-ask-lower-limit-credit-card-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gary Foreman: Ask for a lower credit limit? Why?	Unless you can't control your spending, don't ask your credit card issuer to lower your limit; you'll be lowering your credit score, too	lower, credit, card, limit, fico, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-insurance-coverage-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-insurance-coverage-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card insurance perks: Does your card have you covered?	Your credit card can help make life's little emergencies a tad easier to handle. But the next time disaster strikes, your card could be there for you in ways you didn't expect -- as long as you play by the rules	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-disabled-overwhelming-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-disabled-overwhelming-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disabled and in debt: What to do?	A reader who is temporarily disabled and unable to work wonders how in the world she can pay on her large debts. Our expert offers some advice	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-sticking-holiday-budget-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-sticking-holiday-budget-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for making, sticking to a holiday budget	Here's one way to guarantee a happy new year: Rein in holiday spending. To do that, create a holiday budget and stick to it	tips, holiday, budget, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/author-susan-l-hirshman-qa-does-this-make-my-assets-look-fat-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/author-susan-l-hirshman-qa-does-this-make-my-assets-look-fat-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with author Susan L. Hirshman	In her book 'Does This Make My Assets Look Fat?,' Susan L. Hirshman simplifies often-complicated material into girl-talk terms that any failed dieter can digest	Susan, Hirshman, Does This Make My Assets Look Fat, book, author, qa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-scary-credit-card-situations-how-to-handle-them-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-scary-credit-card-situations-how-to-handle-them-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 scary credit card situations -- and how to deal with them	Even if you're too old for the usual Halloween thrills and chills this year, there's still potential for plenty of spookiness ... lurking right inside your wallet	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-credit-card-self-defense-guide-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-credit-card-self-defense-guide-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your holiday credit card self-defense guide	If you don't do your homework and take the time to protect yourself -- not just from fraudsters, but from yourself and your own compulsions -- your holiday bills could go sky-high. These 11 tips can help	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-cut-electric-bills-phantom-loads-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-cut-electric-bills-phantom-loads-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to cut electric bills? Beware the 'phantom loads'	Many of today's devices continue to sip power in 'standby' mode, so cutting off the worst offenders can cut your bill	gary foreman, new frugal you, electric, bill, standby, phantom, load
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-fraud-hall-of-shame-worst-credit-crimes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-fraud-hall-of-shame-worst-credit-crimes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The Credit Card Hall of Shame: All-time worst credit crimes	What's it take to make our list? A fast-buck scheme. A willingness to wreak widespread financial havoc for personal gain. And a taste for larceny -- and prison	credit, card, fraud, hall, shame, identity, theft, crime
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-credit-card-makes-you-elite-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-credit-card-makes-you-elite-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card can make you elite 	Achieving elite status on a frequent flier program may be easier than you think -- especially if you have the right credit card	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-name-error-dispute-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-name-error-dispute-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Correcting credit report errors is crucial, but not always easy	A reader vents about his struggles to get some errors fixed on his credit report. While fixing these mistakes can be burdensome, doing so will pay dividends in the long run	credit, score, report, equifax, bureau, dispute, name, error
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-fast-debt-payoff-sacrifices-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-fast-debt-payoff-sacrifices-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Need to pay off debt fast? Prepare to make sacrifices	A reader is in a big hurry to shed a big debt. Our expert says it can be done quickly, but it'll won't be easy.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-and-murder-suicide-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-and-murder-suicide-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt's most tragic toll: murder-suicide	While a poor economy doesn't make someone abusive, financial hardship can turn someone already on the edge into a violent criminal	debt, death, murder, suicide
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paypal-safety-tips-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paypal-safety-tips-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using PayPal? 10 tips to stay safe	More than 153 million people worldwide use PayPal for online purchases and sales. Just how safe is it?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-credit-card-agreements-students-alumni-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-credit-card-agreements-students-alumni-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks paid $83 million in '09 to market credit cards to college groups	Once-secret agreements, forced into view by the 2009 credit card reform law, reveal the vast scope of student, alumni marketing	students, alumni, credit, cards, card act of 2009, marketing, bank of america, secret, agreements
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-nonpayment-court-appearance-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-nonpayment-court-appearance-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When nonpayment lands you in court	A woman is being sued by her credit card company for nonpayment, and she wonders if it makes any difference if she shows up for a court date or not	nonpayment, credit, card, court
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-surge-102710-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-surge-102710-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs surge on First Premier card change	Credit card interest rates neared record levels, after First Premier began charging the higher of two APRs to all of its new Centennial Classic cardholders.	credit, card, apr, interest, rate, first, premier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-based-insurance-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-based-insurance-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Insuring your car or home? Your credit history can cost you	Insurers are increasingly using scoring models that incorporate data from policyholders' credit reports to determine the cost of coverage	insurance, credit, score, report, history, insurer 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-joint-credit-card-debt-after-divorce-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-joint-credit-card-debt-after-divorce-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorce doesn't dissolve joint card debt 	If you don't close joint card accounts after a divorce, then you're still responsible for paying any balances -- no matter who used the card	credit, card, divorce, joint, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-2010-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-2010-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift cards 2010: More consumer-friendly	New gift card regulations, incentives and conveniences give consumers more reasons than ever to jump on the gift-card wagon	gift, card, credit, CARD, Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-comparison-table-10-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-comparison-table-10-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2010 gift card comparison table	Even in a tough economy, gift cards are always popular. The 2010 holiday season should be no different. Use this chart to find the gift card that's best for you	gift, cards, holiday, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-collection-medical-debt-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-collection-medical-debt-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Patient's age determines whether unpaid medical debt owed	A reader's dad was supposed to pay her medical bills, but then he fell on hard times. Now collectors are coming after her. Our expert says the right course of action for her depends on what her age was when she accrued the debt	credit, card, medical, debt, report, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-joint-account-authorized-user-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-joint-account-authorized-user-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Think twice before sharing credit card accounts with kids	Moms and dads, beware of making your adult kid an authorized user or joint account holder on your credit card. It's noble to want to help, but their mistakes can clobber your credit.	credit, card, authorized user, joint account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-live-for-today-or-save-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-live-for-today-or-save-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A 'live for today' man seeks 'save for tomorrow' motivation	Our frugality columnist reminds a man who lives for today that he could get hurt or laid off and quickly face financial devastation	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/record-interest-rate-report-110310-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/record-interest-rate-report-110310-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Walmart rate hike sends credit card APRs to record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers leaped to record highs this week, following a rate hike on Walmart's Discover card	credit, card, apr, interest, rate, walmart, disover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-paying-off-mortgage-early-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-paying-off-mortgage-early-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 ways to pay off your mortgage early	With $65,000 and 12 years left to go, a reader wants to know how to go about paying off her mortgage in five years or less	mortgage, interest, rate, pay, off, early
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-savings-credit-card-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-savings-credit-card-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does saving trump carrying a high credit card balance?	A reader has saved $70,000, but continues to pay only the minimum on a $14,000 card debt. Our expert shows questions her logic	credit, card, debt, savings, minimum, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-nov-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-nov-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve's policy changes won't impact cardholders	The Federal Reserve announced steps Wednesday to support a fragile U.S. economy, but unlike more traditional changes to monetary policy, those moves won't directly impact credit cardholders. 	federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, apr, interest, rate, fomc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-september-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances plunge more than $8 billion	Consumer credit card debt levels plummeted more than $8 billion in September, says the Federal Reserve's latest G.19 consumer credit report, marking a 25th straight month of decline	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q3-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q3-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks loosen credit card lending standards, Fed report says	For the second straight quarter, banks made it a little bit easier to get a new credit card, the Federal Reserve said Monday. However, data also showed it remains a tough time to be an existing cardholder	senior, loan, officer, survey, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-unpaid-old-credit-card-account-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-unpaid-old-credit-card-account-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	20-year-old debt should not come back to haunt you	While credit histories typically benefit from repaying debts, in the case of 20 year old credit card account, it may be better to ignore a creditor's request for payment	credit, card, debt, account, history, score, old
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-9-steps-restoring-trust-after-financial-infidelity-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-9-steps-restoring-trust-after-financial-infidelity-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 steps for restoring trust after hidden debt is revealed	A wife is worried sick about debt she has hidden from her husband. Our expert offers her practical tips to help once her secret is revealed.	credit, card, debt, secret
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-holiday-credit-debit-card-special-promotions-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-holiday-credit-debit-card-special-promotions-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2010 holiday credit card and debit card special promotions	The halls are decked with deals this season as stores, credit card and debit card issuers team up for holiday promotions	deals, credit, debit, card, 2010, holiday, specials, season
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-holiday-season-special-credit-debit-card-promotions-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-holiday-season-special-credit-debit-card-promotions-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chart: 2010 holiday credit card and debit card special promotions	Card issuers are rolling out special holiday deals to entice reluctant, recession-weary consumers into spending once again	consumers, chart, deals, credit, debit, holiday, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-wife-liable-husbands-student-loans-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-wife-liable-husbands-student-loans-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is wife liable for husband's student loans?	A concerned wife is worried about her liability for her husband's student loan debt in the event that he passes away	student, loan, debt, liability, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-101110-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-101110-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hit another record high	If it seems like credit card interest rates are higher than they've been in a long while, you're not imagining things. This week, the national average APR on new credit cards hit another record high, according to CreditCards.com's database of card offer i	credit, card, interest, rate, annual, percentage, record
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-budget-starts-with-monitoring-spending-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-budget-starts-with-monitoring-spending-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The first step in any budget: monitoring spending	If the money always runs out before your payday, the first thing to do is find out where it's going. Here are tips for that crucial first budgeting step 	budget, frugal, monitor, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-repayment-creditor-problems-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-repayment-creditor-problems-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When debt collectors make your life miserable	A reader reduced a regular payment to her creditor by half and wants to know how much worse things are going to get	credit, card, debt, collections, credit, counselor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-goverment-electronic-payments-debit-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-goverment-electronic-payments-debit-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Goodbye, checks: States benefits move to direct deposit, debit cards	More state programs are switching to paying benefits via via debit cards, but programs vary widely. Here are nine things to know	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-3-reasons-you-lender-disagree-on-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-3-reasons-you-lender-disagree-on-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 reasons you and your lender may disagree on your credit score	A reader in the process of refinancing wants to know why his bank has selected a 'fishy' credit score for its lending decision.	credit, card, report, score, refinance, bank, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plan-credit-scores-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plan-credit-scores-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deep in debt? Focus on repayment, not credit scores	A student with a five-figure debt wonders why his credit score is so high. Our expert says he should focus instead on getting his debt paid down	credit, score, debt, card, repayment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-who-holds-credit-card-debt-now-check-report-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-who-holds-credit-card-debt-now-check-report-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who holds your delinquent debt now? Check your credit reports	A reader wants to know which company currently holds his delinquent debt. The answer, our expert says, can be found in his credit reports	credit, report, delinquent, statute of limitations, report, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-credit-card-minimum-payment-hike-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-credit-card-minimum-payment-hike-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When a minimum payment increase becomes unaffordable	A reader's credit card minimum payment skyrocketed to the point where some months he can't afford to pay it. What are his options?	credit, card, minimum, payment, increase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-close-credit-card-account-score-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-close-credit-card-account-score-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mad at card issuers? Don't take it out on your own credit	Think twice before closing little-used credit card accounts because you're mad at the issuer. It could backfire by damaging your credit score	credit, card, score, cancel, close, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-lost-debt-card-pick-up-risk-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-lost-debt-card-pick-up-risk-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You found someone's debit card. Do you pick it up?	What do you do when you find a lost debit card on the sidewalk? Some experts say you're in for a host of trouble if you pick it up	lost, debit, card, pick up, find, risk
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-111710-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-111710-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates fall from record highs	Credit card interest rates finally fell from record highs this week, but it's far too early for borrowers to celebrate.  	credit, card, interest, rate, annual, percentage, record
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-how-to-pick-right-small-business-credit-card-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-how-to-pick-right-small-business-credit-card-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 questions to help you pick the right small business credit card	The right questions can help you find a  small business credit card that's a lifeline, not a noose	questions, small business, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-freeze-credit-card-account-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-freeze-credit-card-account-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you freeze an individual credit card?	While a credit freeze will restrict the opening of new accounts in a borrower's name, it takes a different approach to temporarily prevent the use of an existing account	credit, card, freeze, report, bureau, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/readability-complex-credit-card-agreement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/readability-complex-credit-card-agreement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card agreements still mostly unreadable	A few months ago, we analyzed all the credit card agreements posted on a new public database and found them unreadable to four out of five American adults. We looked again at the worst offenders and find little improvement	unreadable, readability, credit card, contract, agreement, grade, reading, level
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-expenses-to-trim-to-help-pay-off-credit-card-debt-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-expenses-to-trim-to-help-pay-off-credit-card-debt-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 expenses to cut to help pay off credit card debt	In hard times, take a hard look at what's coming in, what's going out and see where you can free up some cash quickly to start hacking away at your debt	credit card debt, spending, budget
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-credit-card-interchange-swipe-fee-consumers-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-credit-card-interchange-swipe-fee-consumers-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interchange fee changes coming, and what that means for consumers	Cash payers had been subsidizing card users at stores, but that system's under fire; if it changes, so could rewards and prices	interchange, swipe, fee, subsidizing, consumers, paying,  stores, merchants, accounts, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-hot-credit-card-scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-hot-credit-card-scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 hot credit card scams to watch out for	Scammers love credit cards, and they have a host of ways to prey on yours. Here's what to watch for and how to avoid problems	credit, card, scams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-disputing-removing-authorized-user-joint-account-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-disputing-removing-authorized-user-joint-account-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disputing, removing joint-account holder causes headaches	Whether you're an authorized user or a joint account holder, mistakes and confusion may reign when trying to sever a credit relationship	joint, account, holder, authorized, user, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-retired-in-debt-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-retired-in-debt-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retired, in debt: Is bankruptcy the answer?	After years of borrowing, a retired couple is drowning in credit card debt. Is bankruptcy the only way out?	credit, card, debt, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/solve-credit-card-disputes-problems-through-twitter-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/solve-credit-card-disputes-problems-through-twitter-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to solve credit card problems through Twitter	Why wait on endless hold to dispute a credit card fee over the phone when can post your complaint on Twitter and often resolve the problem more quickly and with fewer hassles? 	credit, card, service, twitter
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-business-credit-cards-112310-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-business-credit-cards-112310-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card APRs fall for second straight week	Credit card interest rates continued to fall this week, pushed lower by a business credit card. 	credit, card, interest, rate, annual, percentage, business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/procrastination-financial-disaster-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/procrastination-financial-disaster-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Procrastination is key to credit card debt, financial disaster	Putting off paying bills or failing to clean up your credit report can ruin your finances when all you need is a little attitude readjustment. Here's how	personal, finances, procrastinations, paying, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/home-shopping-channel-addiction-credit-card-debt-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/home-shopping-channel-addiction-credit-card-debt-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Home-shopping channel addiction: A fast path to credit card debt	If home shopping is causing you to bust your budget or descend into debt, it's time to switch channels	home, shopping, debt, QVC, HSN
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-authorized-user-widow-credit-card-death-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-authorized-user-widow-credit-card-death-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is a widow responsible for late husband's debt?	A widow living in Minnesota wonders whether her credit report should reflect her deceased husband's charged-off credit card account. 	credit, report, score, card, deceased, authorized, charge, off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-prioritize-savings-5-key-areas-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-prioritize-savings-5-key-areas-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unsure what to save for first? Follow these top 5 savings priorities	A college student with a young child wants to get her financial life in order. Our expert tells her that one of the keys to success is getting her priorities straight when it comes to money	savings, debt, credit card, college
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-if-santa-charged-christmas-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-if-santa-charged-christmas-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What if Santa charged Christmas?	If he did charge Christmas, just how much would Santa spend -- and pay back with interest? And what interest rate, minimum payment or rewards might Santa expect to see on his credit card statement? 	santa, magnetic, strip, credit, card, christmas, charged, gifts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-credit-cards-120110-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-unchanged-credit-cards-120110-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged after Thanksgiving holiday	Banks, apparently still shaking off their tryptophan drowsiness, left interest rates on credit card offers unchanged this week	credit, card, interest, rate, annual, percentage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-boost-credit-score-mix-credit-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-boost-credit-score-mix-credit-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Get a better credit score by mixing up types of credit	It takes more than paying off one credit card every month to obtain an above-average credit score. You need to show that you can handle different types of credit	credit, score, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-statute-of-limitations-credit-card-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-statute-of-limitations-credit-card-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When does debt get too old to collect?	Each state has a statute of limitations on credit card debt, which prevents collectors from taking you to court after a certain period of time	credit, card, debt, statute, limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-can-run-from-debt-but-cant-hide-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-can-run-from-debt-but-cant-hide-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You can run from debt, but you can't hide from it	A woman who left an abusive relationship also left her debts behind. Our expert asks her to face the music as she can't hide forever	credit, card, debt, abusive, relationship
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-plan-retrieve-merchandise-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-plan-retrieve-merchandise-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You made a layaway purchase? How to retrieve your merchandise	Buying by layaway has made a comeback, so many people are new to the process. Here's how to make sure your merchandise retrieval goes smoothly	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-unwanted-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-unwanted-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways you can still enjoy unwanted gift cards	Your friend, co-worker or loved one had the best of intentions, but they gave you gift cards you don't want. Smile, say thank you -- and then try these methods for getting something else with them	gift, card, swap, trade, donate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unemployed-free-credit-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unemployed-free-credit-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unemployed? You can get an extra free credit report	Federal law guarantees unemployed U.S. workers the right to an extra free credit report to assist in their job search. The problem? Nobody seems to be telling out-of-work consumers	unemployed, credit, report, free, federal, trade, commission, ftc, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-fees-college-students-financial-aid-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-fees-college-students-financial-aid-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit cards on campus: convenient or a curse?	With financial aid funds being dumped onto debit cards instead of paper checks, students have to made aware of tricky fees	debit, cards, campus, college, students
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-7-health-issues-from-credit-card-debt-stress-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-7-health-issues-from-credit-card-debt-stress-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways credit card debt can be hazardous to your health	Credit card debt won't just wreck your financial health. It can take a real toll on your body, too, says our expert, who has seen it happen many times	credit, card, debt, stress, health
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/city-community-prepaid-cards-local-economy-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/city-community-prepaid-cards-local-economy-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prepaid city cards boost 'shop local' campaigns	The introduction of 'city cards' boosts support and shopping for town and cities who want to keep more dollars local	prepaid, cards, downtown, shop, local, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-united-states-credit-card-india-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-united-states-credit-card-india-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Relocating overseas can cause major credit headaches	After returning to India, a cardholder wants to maintain his credit history in the States with some new U.S. plastic	credit, report, score, card, india, unites, states
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high-spending-celebrities-fall-out-of-favor-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high-spending-celebrities-fall-out-of-favor-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Careless-spending celebrities lose sympathy with American public	High-spending celebrities take note: If you’re in debt because of your poor money choices, don’t look for much empathy from the rest of us.	celebrities, high-spenders, bankruptcy, Heidi, Montag, Toni, Braxton, Lenny, Dykstra, Timothy, Busfield
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/15-fun-easy-ways-wrap-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/15-fun-easy-ways-wrap-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	15 fun, easy ways to wrap gift cards	Amp up the 'wow' factor when giving gift cards this holiday season. All it takes it a little creativity -- and a personal touch 	gift cards, holiday, christmas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-october-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances continue to decline in October	Credit card balances declined further in October, marking the 26th straight month that Americans' credit card debt has shrunk.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-broke-no-income-bills-due-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-broke-no-income-bills-due-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sometimes bankruptcy is the ONLY way out	If you've been out of work for a long time and sold everything you own to get by, paying your creditors and worrying about your credit rating takes a back seat	creditors, collectors, unemployed, credit, rating, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-pay-credit-card-balances-close-accounts-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-pay-credit-card-balances-close-accounts-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay off balances or close accounts to boost credit score?	A reader wants to know if closing card accounts or paying down her balances will improve her credit score	credit, card, balances, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-drop-credit-cards-120810-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-drop-credit-cards-120810-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates drop on Capital One changes	Interest rates on new credit card offers continue to head lower, thanks to changes from Capital One, but that doesn't mean borrowing has become a breeze. 	credit, card, interest, rate, annual, percentage, capital, one
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-payments-surpass-credit-cards-fed-study-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-payments-surpass-credit-cards-fed-study-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card payments surpass checks, credit cards	New Federal Reserve Board study of noncash payment methods shows debit cards are Americans' first choice when buying retail items. Writing paper checks continued a steady decline and is no longer the No. 1 noncash payment method.	debit card, credit card, noncash, payment, check, federal reserve board
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-balance-transfer-car-loan-zero-0-percent-credit-card-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-balance-transfer-car-loan-zero-0-percent-credit-card-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Transfer car loan to a low-rate credit card? Yes, but carefully	On the surface, transferring a car loan to a 0 percent credit card looks like a no-brainer. The fees and fine print may say otherwise	credit, card, car, auto, loan, 0, zero, percent, apr, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-television-tv-credit-card-episodes-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-television-tv-credit-card-episodes-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top 10 credit card television episodes	Credit cards pop up in supporting roles on TV, often in the hands of minors or childlike adults. Their antics reveal the consequences of impulsive buying in ways not so hilarious in real life	credit card, lessons, TV, Seinfeld, Leave it to Beaver, comedy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-mistake-remove-late-payment-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-mistake-remove-late-payment-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No quick fixes for removing late payment from credit report	A loan applicant wants to know how he can delete a late payment from his credit report in an effort to boost his credit score. 	credit, report, score, late, loan, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-to-shop-best-rewards-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-to-shop-best-rewards-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to shop for the best rewards credit card for you	A flustered reader seeks advice on finding a great deal on a new rewards credit card. Our expert walks her through what to do.	credit, card, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-first-card-best-terms-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-first-card-best-terms-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	1st credit card? Even if  terms aren't  the best, think before canceling	Your first credit card sets up your future credit choices, so use it wisely and weigh the impact of canceling it	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/true-tales-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/true-tales-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stolen: True tales of identity theft	Identity theft happens when you least expect it -- and often committed by the people you least suspect. Read how victims worked to restore their good names and credit.	credit, card, identity, theft, true, tales
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-dec-2010-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-dec-2010-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates unchanged again	In its final meeting of the year, the Federal Reserve again left its lending rates unchanged, and experts say to expect more of the same through 2011.	federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, apr, interest, rate, fomc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-personal-finance-author-farnoosh-torabi-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-personal-finance-author-farnoosh-torabi-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with personal finance author Farnoosh Torabi	Is true wealth really only in your head? Can you banish debt and live prosperously just by changing your beliefs? Cue national personal finance authority Farnoosh Torabi	farnoosh, torabi, author, personal, finance, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zevin-walter-books-novel-look-credit-card-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zevin-walter-books-novel-look-credit-card-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Novel views  of credit card debt	If you have problems handling your finances, you might enjoy sharing your misery with fictitious characters who get into debt and the paths they take to try and get out	gabrielle, zevin, jess, walter, credit, card, debt, novels
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-getting-out-of-high-interest-credit-card-debt-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-getting-out-of-high-interest-credit-card-debt-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting out of high-interest credit card debt	A disabled wife's $14,000 high-interest card debt is crippling her husband's ability to continue to pay the minimum amount due	credit, card, debt, disability, high-interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-deadly-credit-card-sins-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-deadly-credit-card-sins-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The 7 deadly credit card sins	Commit one or more of the seven deadly sins, and you might find yourself headed straight for credit card hell. With a little help, it isn't too hard to trade vice for virtue	credit, card, hell, seven, deadly, sins
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-flat-credit-cards-121510-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-flat-credit-cards-121510-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged despite move from Chase	A Chase interest rate tweak plus a Federal Reserve announcement still added up to zero movement in the average APR on new credit card offers this week. 	credit, card, rate, report, apr, chase, fed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-avoid-sharing-credit-with-elderly-parents-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-avoid-sharing-credit-with-elderly-parents-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid sharing credit with elderly parents	A reader, whose elderly mom can't get credit in her own name,  wonders if it's OK to add mom as an authorized user on her credit card	credit, card, authorized, user, elderly, parents
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-in-different-cultures-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-in-different-cultures-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How different cultures handle credit cards	With credit card habits varying widely across the world, there are lessons that can be learned from studying how people in other cultures handle money.	credit, card, lessons, different, cultures
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secrets-former-credit-card-thief-dan-defelippi-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secrets-former-credit-card-thief-dan-defelippi-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Secrets of a former credit card thief	What would a real credit card thief tell you if he had the chance? Dan DeFelippi, convicted of card fraud, says you can't be too careful	credit, card, theft, dan, defilippi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-states-where-residents-get-extra-free-credit-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-states-where-residents-get-extra-free-credit-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The Magnificent 7: Where state laws get you extra free credit reports	Everyone loves a freebie, so residents of seven states may be happy to know that state law grants them a free extra copy of their credit report every 12 months.	free credit report, state, Colorado, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Vermont
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-pro-sports-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-pro-sports-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing pro sports leagues' credit cards	From Major League Baseball to the UFC, credit card issuers are offering something for every sports fan. But like any other credit card, sports affinity cards should be judged by their specific terms and conditions, not their logos	credit, cards, nfl, nhl, mlb, ufc, nba
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-naked-gift-cards-holiday-wrapping-ideas-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-naked-gift-cards-holiday-wrapping-ideas-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: No more naked gift cards	Amp up the wow factor when you give gift cards this Christmas. CreditCards.com's Cynthia Drake -- on a mission to rid the world of naked gift cards -- presents three fun, simple ideas for jazzing up those gift cards this year.	naked, gift, card, christmas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-divorced-bankruptcy-filing-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-divorced-bankruptcy-filing-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will bankruptcy filing hurt ex-spouse?	A divorced woman is ready to file for bankruptcy in a community property state, but is worried that her ex-husband may be pursued for her unpaid debts 	debt, bankruptcy, divorce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-miles-escape-card-test-offer-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-miles-escape-card-test-offer-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer groups: Discover credit card offers misleading	The test offers Discover made skirt the edges of federal regulations requiring complete disclosure of terms, say consumer advocates	discover, cards, federal, regulations, law, range, offer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-best-ways-spend-windfall-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-best-ways-spend-windfall-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best ways to spend a $25,000 windfall	A reader inherited $25,000 and has myriad debts to pay, but can't figure out how to divvy up the money among all her creditors	credit, card, debts, inheritance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-card-bankruptcy-fraud-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-card-bankruptcy-fraud-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Running up credit card debt, declaring bankruptcy a bad idea	A reader's plan to max out his credit cards before declaring bankruptcy has some serious problems, our expert says.	credit, report, score, card, bankruptcy 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-bad-credit-start-over-use-cards-again-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-bad-credit-start-over-use-cards-again-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Been bad with credit cards? How to start handling them again, wisely	To get a good credit score and the best loans, you have to get back in there and start using credit again, even if it burned you the first time	credit, cards, bad credit, record, report, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-scores-become-more-available-for-borrowers-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit-scores-become-more-available-for-borrowers-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Free credit scores become more available to borrowers	On Jan. 1, 2011, federal law changed, broadening access to credit scores for consumers who have been turned down for a loan or get one at less-desirable terms	credit, score, FACTA, federal law, free, adverse conditions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-credit-card-predictions-2011.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-credit-card-predictions-2011.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Experts' 11 credit card and debt predictions for 2011	Debit cards cool off, mobile payments soar and we return to some of our old habits, say our prognosticators of plastic payments	credit, debit, payments, predictions, 2011
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-loyalty-programs-hidden-costs-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/store-loyalty-programs-hidden-costs-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Store loyalty programs: Discounts can have hidden costs	Sure, the popular store loyalty programs offer discounts, but is it really a discount if you're chasing savings on items you wouldn't have otherwise bought?	store, loyalty, discount, programs, costs, shopping, saving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-wifi-danger-credit-card-fraud-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-wifi-danger-credit-card-fraud-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Free, public Wi-Fi can be dangerous to your credit card	If you use a free Wi-Fi connection in an airport, cafe or some other public space, you may be taking a big risk with your credit card information. But the good news is there are steps you can take to secure your data 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-credit-cards-122110-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-rise-credit-cards-122110-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Barclays, Cap One moves send credit card interest rates higher	Credit card interest rates rose for the first time in six weeks after Barclays and Capital One adjusted card offers. 	credit, card, rate, report, apr, barclays, capital, one
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/change-financial-bad-habits-8-steps-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/change-financial-bad-habits-8-steps-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to change financial bad habits in 8 steps	Making lasting changes requires time, discipline and a dive into the psyche to figure out why, exactly, you handle money the way you do	credit, card, budget, holiday, spending, new, year
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-watching-online-shopping-offers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-watching-online-shopping-offers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers watch online how you shop, customize offers	Shopping online for a credit card? Some issuers have begun to use high-tech marketing techniques to vary their offers based on what they think they know about you from your online behavior	cookies, cache, credit, card, online, offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-best-money-advice-of-2010-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-best-money-advice-of-2010-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Erica Sandberg's best money advice of 2010	Letters from a pair of ethically challenged youths gave our 'Opening Credits'  columnist her two favorite questions of 2010	credit, card, debt, ethics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-author-carmen-wong-ulrich-real-cost-living-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-author-carmen-wong-ulrich-real-cost-living-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with 'Real Cost of Living' author Carmen Wong Ulrich	With a master's degree in psychology and a way of cutting through the mumbo jumbo, Ulrich takes dry topics such as debt and investing and puts it into the context of our lives	Carmen Wong Ulrich, The Real Cost of Living, book, author, QA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-end-of-2010-122910-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-end-of-2010-122910-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged as 2010 draws to a close	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, as banks wrapped up a turbulent year in which interest rates reached record highs.  	credit, card, interest, rate, report, yearend
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-planning-ahead-budgeting-when-starting-new-business-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-planning-ahead-budgeting-when-starting-new-business-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to balance the family budget when starting a new business	A nervous wife asks for advice on how her family should budget to handle the inconsistent income that comes with the starting of a new business.	budget, small, business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-collector-harassment-rights-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-collector-harassment-rights-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Harassed for debt that's not yours? Here's how to make it stop	A flustered woman is sick of getting calls from collectors about debt that isn't hers. The good news, our expert says, is that she can make it stop.	credit, card, debt, collector
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-card-unused-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-card-unused-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unused, old cards can help your credit score	A reader worries -- unnecessarily -- that an old credit card from his college days could be hurting his credit. 	credit, card, unused, score, history, fico, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-bank-account-seized-for-late-credit-card-payment-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-bank-account-seized-for-late-credit-card-payment-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuers may freeze, seize your bank account if you pay late on card	Can you have your bank accounts frozen and money taken from them by an issuer if you don't pay your credit card bills on time? Depends on where you live	credit, card, company, frozen, bank, accounts, issuer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-good-credit-over-time-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-good-credit-over-time-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Starting on the path to building good credit	If you use credit wisely and build a solid credit history when you're young, you can save yourself a lot of pain and misery down the road	credit, card, young, history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scores-self-esteem-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scores-self-esteem-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You are not your credit score: Credit and self-esteem	A low credit score can be a devastating blow to a person's self-esteem, but by changing your focus and taking small steps to distance yourself from your score, you can minimize the impact of those three digits on your psyche	credit, score, FICO, self-esteem
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-foreclosure-impact-married-couples-credit-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-foreclosure-impact-married-couples-credit-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Foreclosure's impact on spouse's credit	When a mortgage is in one spouse's name, if you choose to foreclosure, the impact to the other spouse's credit can depend on whether you live in a community property state	foreclosure, marriage, credit, community, property
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collectors-using-social-media-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collectors-using-social-media-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Watch what you post! Collectors turn to social media	Social networking websites are becoming hotspots for collection agencies wanting to track down elusive debtors	social, media, debt, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-barclays-hike-010511-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-barclays-hike-010511-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Barclays' moves send credit card interest rates higher	Credit card interest rates rose slightly this week after Barclays raised interest rates on two of its cards.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, barclays, black, visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-push-paperless-billing-incentives-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-push-paperless-billing-incentives-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Issuers use incentives to push paperless billing	While more consumers pay bills online, far fewer have given up on paper bills and statements entirely. As a result, card issuers are dangling incentives as sweepstakes and extra features to get consumers to switch off the paper	paperless, billing, incentives, statements, paper, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-industry-changing-new-ftc-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-industry-changing-new-ftc-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt settlement industry in flux as new rules start	For-profit companies can no longer charge clients upfront fees for debt negotiations, so the industry is undergoing a shakeout. What's that mean for consumers in debt? 	debt, settlement, ftc, upfront, fees, industry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-articles-video-2011.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-balance-transfer-articles-video-2011.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balance transfers: How to find the best deals	Those 0 percent credit card balance transfer offer dwindled during the recession. Now, they're making a comeback -- but you have to watch for the fees and fine print	credit, card, balance, transfer, 2011
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-november-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt falls further in November	Credit card balances continued their long decline in November, but analysts say a strong holiday season could soon turn things around.	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-haul-parody-credit-card-debt-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-haul-parody-credit-card-debt-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Don't haul yourself into credit card debt	In this spoof of the popular haul video genre, "Bridget" shares her latest haul of purchases from Forever 21 and Urban Outfitters -- until CreditCards.com's Connie Prater jumps in to give a reality check about just how much trouble impulse buying can be	haul, video, credit, card, debt, forever, 21, urban, outfitters
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-cancel-unwanted-card-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-cancel-unwanted-card-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will an unwanted card hurt your credit?	A reader seeking an "exclusive" Chase credit card doesn't want his score to be affected by closing an unwanted version of the card	credit, card,  chase, score, inquiry, fico, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-statistics-2010-q4.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-statistics-2010-q4.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal bankruptcies rose 8 percent in 2010	Housing bubble states led the pack in bankruptcies, with California and Florida having the most people file. Hawaii had the largest percentage increase and Nevada the most per capita	bankruptcy, 2010, filing, chapter 7, 13, hawaii, california, nevada
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-401k-hardship-early-withdrawal-rules-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-401k-hardship-early-withdrawal-rules-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Save 401(k) hardship withdrawals for true emergencies	You gave up total control over the account when you agreed to take the tax breaks, so weigh other choices before robbing your own retirement	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-authorized-users-can-do-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-authorized-users-can-do-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What authorized users can and can't do with your credit card	Our expert reminds a reader that authorized users on a credit card account can't successfully request an increase to that card's credit limit. And, she says, that's a good thing	credit, card, authorized, user, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-family-using-dead-mothers-credit-card-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-family-using-dead-mothers-credit-card-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card use rights die when the account holder does	Family members want to keep using their dead mother's credit card -- even though the issuer has closed the account. There are legal -- and moral -- issues here	credit, card, account, death, closed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-cards-business-personal-use-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-cards-business-personal-use-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Basic rules for business card usage	A reader who started her own company questions advice recommending that she use her business credit card for both personal and business charges	credit, card, business, personal, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nevada-state-bankruptcy-per-capita-q4-2010.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nevada-state-bankruptcy-per-capita-q4-2010.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	State bankruptcy rankings, 2010: Nevada holds its sad crown	The recession and high debt levels are hurting people in every state, but bankruptcies are not at all evenly spread. Someone in Nevada is seven times more likely to file than an Alaskan	bankruptcy, alaska, georgia, tennessee, per capita, filings, 2010
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-chase-barclays-011211-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-chase-barclays-011211-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rates unchanged, despite moves by Chase, Barclays	Credit card interest rates remained unchanged this week, despite tweaks to card offers from Barclays and Chase	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-percent-balance-transfer-offer-comeback-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/0-percent-balance-transfer-offer-comeback-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	0 percent balance transfer offers stage a comeback	If you've noticed a fresh spate of 0 percent balance transfer offers in your mailbox lately, you're not alone, experts say. However, the latest offers come with some new terms and conditions that could trip up unsuspecting consumers	credit, card, balance, transfer, interest, rate, APR, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-liz-weston-ten-commandents-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-liz-weston-ten-commandents-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA: Liz Weston's new money commandments	To help consumers navigate through this new financial climate, money expert Liz Weston talks about her new book, “The 10 Commandments of Money: Survive and Thrive in the New Economy.”	credit, card, debt, liz, weston, commandments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-matt-taibbi-author-griftopia-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-matt-taibbi-author-griftopia-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Matt Taibbi, author of 'Griftopia'	Gonzo Rolling Stone writer Matt Tiabbi doesn't just pick a bone with Wall Street in his latest book, 'Griftopia.' He dissects the entire rotting carcass 	Griftopia, Matt Tiabbi, Rolling Stone, book, author, QA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-late-payment-fee-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-late-payment-fee-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How late is too late for a credit card payment?	A one-day late payment shouldn't appear on a borrower's credit report, but the bank may not be so forgiving of future delinquencies 	credit, card, late, payment, delinquency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-change-your-credit-card-bill-due-date-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-change-your-credit-card-bill-due-date-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to change your credit card bill's due date	Job loss, new marital status and all sorts of factors may monkey with your cash flow schedule. But when changes happen, will your credit card company work with you to move your credit card bill's due date? Yes, say major issuers, but there may be a caveat	credit, card, bill, due, date, statement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-handle-unethical-debt-collectors-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-handle-unethical-debt-collectors-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to handle unethical debt collectors	Our expert tells a reader that he has some recourse against the debt collector that is using some questionable tactics in pursuit of his defaulted student loan	student, loan, default, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-laid-off-which-bills-to-pay-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-laid-off-which-bills-to-pay-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Laid off: Which bills HAVE to be paid?	You saved for a rainy day and it's raining. After being laid off, a reader watches her emergency funds dwindle and wonders which bills she can stop paying	credit, card, bills, laid, off, emergency, fund
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-collection-statute-of-limitations-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-debt-collection-statute-of-limitations-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When is a debt too old for collection?	A reader is being pursued for a debt that is 13 years old and wonders if the debt is really his. Lucky for him, the debt is too old to collect on 	credit, card, debt, statute, limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retirement-plan-risk-rollovers-growth-safety-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retirement-plan-risk-rollovers-growth-safety-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retirement in sight? Balance your risk tolerance, need for growth	As retirement age approaches and a recession ends, it's natural to be skittish about taking risk with your nest egg, but some may be necessary	risk, retire, 401(k), IRA, growth, safety
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-expenses-never-put-on-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-expenses-never-put-on-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 expenses you should never put on a credit card	There are some things experts say you should never put on a credit card -- because they're frivolous, can land you deep in debt or because there's a better alternative	credit, card, expenses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-people-you-shouldnt-trust-with-credit-card.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-people-you-shouldnt-trust-with-credit-card.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 people you trust with your credit card, but shouldn't	It's amazing how blind trust can get you into trouble -- especially when it comes to your credit card. Here are 8 people you should be wary of sharing your plastic with.	credit, card, trust, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-state-farm-barclays-011911-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-state-farm-barclays-011911-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Barclays, State Farm push credit card interest rates higher	Credit card interest rates again crept nearer to record levels, spurred by rate increases by Barclays and State Farm Bank, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-alpha-consumer-kim-palmer-generation-earn-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-alpha-consumer-kim-palmer-generation-earn-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Kimberly Palmer, author of 'Generation Earn'	For Gen Y, debt is almost inevitable, so learn to handle it wisely, argues Kimberly Palmer in her new book, 'Generation Earn'	palmer, kim, consumer, generation, earn, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-apartment-damage-fee-credit-report-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-apartment-damage-fee-credit-report-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Apartment security deposit dispute stains renter's credit report	A renter learns that removing apartment damage fees from his credit report will require a solid case and good negotiating skills. 	credit, report, rent, apartment, landlord, fee, collection, agency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-pros-cons-debt-management-plans-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-pros-cons-debt-management-plans-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The pros and cons of debt management plans	A reader says he regrets entering into a debt management plan because of its impact on his credit. Our expert says his old, free-spending ways, not the plan, caused the damage	credit, card, debt, management, plan, DMP, credit, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-stop-paying-or-file-bankruptcy.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-stop-paying-or-file-bankruptcy.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stop paying or file bankruptcy: Which path is less painful?	A low-income senior citizen read advice that instead of filing for bankruptcy protection, he should just stop paying his credit card bills	credit, card, bills, bankruptcy, protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-jan-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rate-monetary-policy-fomc-jan-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates alone in first meeting of 2011	The Federal Reserve decided Wednesday to start 2011 in the same place it has spent the past two years -- on the sidelines. Its rate-setting committee voted to leave interest rates alone	federal, reserve, monetary, policy, statement, apr, interest, rate, fomc
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-for-life-david-bach-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-for-life-david-bach-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be debt free for life, urges author David Bach	CreditCards.com talked with best-selling author David Bach about Americans' attitudes toward debt, how they are changing and what he can do to help	david, bach, debt, free, life
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-lawsuit-debt-collection-garnishment-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-lawsuit-debt-collection-garnishment-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ignoring debt collection lawsuit can lead to wage garnishment	When a court summons appears about an unpaid debt, it is best not to ignore it. Creditors can get orders to garnish your wages and seize funds from your bank account	bankruptcy, court, collections, wage, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-tools-for-rebuilding-credit-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-tools-for-rebuilding-credit-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 tools for rebuilding your post-recession credit	A number of credit issuers are stepping up offers to consumers working to regain their financial footing, after months of keeping their coffers closed 	credit, card, offers, recession, rebuild, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-home-retire-income-mortgage-expenses-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-home-retire-income-mortgage-expenses-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How big a home can you afford in retirement? 	If you want to figure how big a house you can afford in retirement, first size up your 401(k), then sharpen your pencil. There's math involved	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-01261-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-01261-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged, stay near record highs	Credit card interest rates remained unchanged this week as banks took a break from adjusting new card offers.	credit, card, apr, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-price-list-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fraud-price-list-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your identity, credit card data sells cheaply on the black market	The increasingly sophisticated credit card black market has grown to resemble a legitimate one, with specialty niches for workers, cheap prices and even money-back guarantees on their ill-gotten merchandise, says a new report	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-put-off-marriage-until-after-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-put-off-marriage-until-after-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Put off marriage until after bankruptcy	A reader wants to get married and then file for bankruptcy. Our expert warns her of starting off a marriage on such uneven financial footing	marriage, bankruptcy, delay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-age-affects-your-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-age-affects-your-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your age affects your credit	Whatever the stage of your financial life, see how these age-specific credit tips can help you manage your money	age, credit, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/expert-qa-bankruptcy-attorney-ted-connolly-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/expert-qa-bankruptcy-attorney-ted-connolly-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with bankruptcy lawyer Ted Connolly, author of 'Road Out of Debt'	Just how bad should debt be before bankruptcy makes sense? What can you do to avoid it? We asked finance and bankruptcy attorney Theodore W. Connolly, author of 'The Road Out of Debt: Bankruptcy and Other Solutions to Your Financial Problems.' 	bankruptcy, attorney, credit, card, debt, road
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-business-credit-card-company-sold-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-business-credit-card-company-sold-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Business card debt may hurt credit, even after the company is sold	A former business owner wonders whether his old company's unpaid debt could show up on his personal credit report	business, credit, card, company, bank, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q4-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2010-q4-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks continue to ease lending standards, Fed survey shows	Banks continued to make it easier for consumers to get a credit card in late 2010, a new Federal Reserve survey shows. The news wasn't as good for current credit card holders, though	senior, loan, officer, survey, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreement-readable-consumer-reports-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreement-readable-consumer-reports-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer group: Make credit card contracts more readable	Consumer Reports launched a campaign urging consumers to write or call their U.S. Senators with this message: Make credit card contracts simple, clear and short	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-pay-car-auto-loan-early-prepayment-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-pay-car-auto-loan-early-prepayment-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prepay your auto loan: 3 steps	If your car loan doesn't include prepayment penalties, it's good to pay down car debt quickly. Here's how	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-spouse-cant-wont-stop-spending-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-spouse-cant-wont-stop-spending-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spouse can't stop spending? Get a 'financial divorce'	If a spouse repeatedly overspends, do what you can to rein in the bad spending habits -- but also protect your credit by separating yourself financially 	credit, card, debt, spouse, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/super-bowl-xlv-credit-cards-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/super-bowl-xlv-credit-cards-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How much it costs to attend Super Bowl XLV	You won't see any credit card Super Bowl ads in 2011, but they'll be everywhere -- mainly because it costs so much you couldn't carry enough cash 	credit card, super bowl, xlv, 2011, pittsburgh steelers, green bay packers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-options-dealing-with-february-financial-freakout-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-options-dealing-with-february-financial-freakout-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 options for dealing with the February financial freak-out	February is often the month of reckoning for people losing their grip on credit card debt: Your January bill may have been bloated with holiday spending and debt realities ignored during the holidays are emerging. So where do you turn first? 	credit, card, debt, holiday, regret
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-id-theft-family-member-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-id-theft-family-member-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be vigilant if you suspect ID theft	A reader questions whether he should be concerned about a credit card offer sent to his home, but directed to a distant family relative	credit, card, id, theft, relatives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-cards-10-differences-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-cards-10-differences-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways business credit cards are different	Business credit cards offer distinct advantages, but not all the protections of consumer cards	business, credit, card, advantages, disadvantages, features
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-020211-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-020211-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase move sends credit card interest rates higher	Interest rates on new credit card offers, already in near-record heights, continued their slow, steady climb this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-marijuana-banking-credit-card-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-marijuana-banking-credit-card-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Medical marijuana sellers can't take their 420 money to the bank	Pot merchants, selling legally under state laws, are shunned by major credit card banks, but a few entrepreneurs see a budding opportunity	medical marijuana, pot, credit cards, banking, 420
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-cosign-unpaid-student-loan-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-cosign-unpaid-student-loan-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retiring mom stuck with daughter's college debt?	A 60-year-old mom wants to retire this spring, but wonders if she can afford to as she co-signed on her daughter's unpaid student loan debt	student, loan, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-exceptions-paying-tax-forgiven-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-exceptions-paying-tax-forgiven-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 exceptions to paying tax on forgiven debt	Before you write a check to the IRS for forgiven debt, see if you qualify for one of these six exceptions to paying tax on that debt you didn't have to pay	forgiven, debt, IRS
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-robocalls-autodial-cell-phone-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-robocalls-autodial-cell-phone-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt collectors seek right to 'robocall' cell phones	The next debt collection battleground is your cell phone. Debt collectors say autodialing debtors is good for consumers, but the move may add to its image as a pest	robocall, autodial, debt, collectors, phone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-10-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-december-10-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt grows for 1st time since 2008, Fed says	Consumer credit card debt has increased for the first time in more than two years, according to new data from the Federal Reserve, lifted by a surge in holiday spending	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-home-equity-loan-credit-score-impact-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-home-equity-loan-credit-score-impact-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How loan applications hurt your credit score	When applying for a loan, be prepared for a small ding to your credit score as lenders check your creditworthiness	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-creative-ways-to-stay-out-of-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-creative-ways-to-stay-out-of-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 creative ways to stay debt-free	After months or years of paying down your debt, keeping yourself away from temptation can become difficult. Experts offer creative solutions to stay on track.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-truth-about-social-security-wage-garnishment-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-truth-about-social-security-wage-garnishment-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The truth about Social Security benefits and wage garnishment	Social Security benefits, in most cases, can't be taken as part of a wage garnishment. But a reader wonders how can tell those funds apart from other types of monies	credit, card, debt, social, security, wage, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-girlfriends-can-ruin-your-credit-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-girlfriends-can-ruin-your-credit-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your girlfriends can ruin your credit	Advice from gal pals is a good thing, but maybe not so much if they encourage you to spend yourself into debt	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-tips-stop-banking-app-fraud-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eight-tips-stop-banking-app-fraud-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 tips to stop banking app fraud	Having an app from your bank on a smart phone or tablet computer is incredibly convenient, but is it safe? Learn how to protect your mobile device 	mobile, phone, financial, app, application, smart, protect, phishing, device, safety
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-020911-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-020911-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain near record highs	Credit card interest rates on new card offers were unchanged this week, lingering near record highs.	credit, card, rate, report, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-marrying-into-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-marrying-into-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When you marry Mr. Debt, be prepared to pay	Exchanging vows with a debt-laden spouse doesn't make his debts yours, but it puts your relationship on high alert from the get go	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-chase-credit-card-balance-limit-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-chase-credit-card-balance-limit-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! The bank keeps cutting my card's credit limit	A cardholder who racked up a large amount of debt wants to know why the bank keeps lowering his credit limit	chase, credit, limit, balance, income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-new-york-household-debt-credit-Q4-2010.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-new-york-household-debt-credit-Q4-2010.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card ownership sees 1st jump since 2008	The number of credit cards held by consumers increased for the first time since early 2008, according to new data released by the Federal Reserve on Monday	federal, reserve, report, credit, card, accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-credit-monitoring-services-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-credit-monitoring-services-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit monitoring services: Pros, cons and how to pick one	Experts are divided about whether these services are worth the cost, but if you've been a ID theft victim, they can help raise red flags	credit, monitoring, social, security, services, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-cash-debit-discount-surcharge-credit-card-merchant-fees-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-cash-debit-discount-surcharge-credit-card-merchant-fees-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When merchants tack on card processing fees	A business can't charge you more for a product or service if you pay with plastic, but they can offer a discount to those who pay with cash or check	credit, card, processing, fee, merchant, cash, check
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-cosigned-credit-card-bad-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-cosigned-credit-card-bad-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options are few when a co-signed credit card goes bad	A dad  blindsided by a massive debt on a credit card that he co-signed with his daughter and then forgot about. Our expert details where he went wrong -- and how he can make things right	credit, card, debt, co-sign, report, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-when-family-member-steals-minors-identity-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-when-family-member-steals-minors-identity-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when a family member steals a minor's identity	A woman's minor stepson is facing collections for fraudulent debt rung up by a family member. Our expert offers steps to help clear the boy's name and, potentially, take the perpetrator to court	credit, card, debt, identity, theft, minor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreclosure-mortgage-walk-away-home-credit-score-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreclosure-mortgage-walk-away-home-credit-score-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Upside down in your mortgage? Consider credit before walking away	Short sales and deed-in-lieu deals may get you out from under an upside-down mortgage, but they're just as bad on credit as a foreclosure	mortgage, walk away, credit, score, foreclosure, deed in lieu, short sale
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-more-transparent-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-more-transparent-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: U.S. credit cards more transparent since law	A study marking the one-year anniversary of the reforms enacted by the Credit CARD Act finds they haven't raised prices, and have increased transparency	Credit CARD Act, anniversary, reform, rules, transparency, study, Center for Responsible Lending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-unchanged-021611-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-unchanged-021611-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged for 2nd straight week	Credit card interest rates remained unchanged this week as banks returned, after a period of tumultuous change, to their seasonal slow period	credit, card, interest, rate, report, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churches-embrace-online-credit-debit-card-donations-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churches-embrace-online-credit-debit-card-donations-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Churches embrace online credit, debit card donations	Tithing? There's an app for that. Churchgoers have moved past the collection plate to swiping plastic, paying at a vestibule ATM or punching the buttons of their smart phones	credit, debit, card, donation, church, christian, atm
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-adult-children-debt-moms-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-adult-children-debt-moms-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Jobless adult children rack up big debt on mom's cards	Three grown sisters have defaulted on $40,000 they racked up on their mother's plastic and wonder what they can do to fix the situation	credit, card, mother, adult, children, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-police-trace-60-second-phone-call-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-police-trace-60-second-phone-call-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can police really trace a phone call in 60 (but not 59) seconds?	So a mad bomber calls you, threatens to blow up the world, and police are on the line. If you keep MB on the line for 60 seconds, can the call be traced?	telephone, call, line, 60 seconds, trace
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-rent-to-own-home-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-rent-to-own-home-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rent-to-own home payments unlikely to aid credit score	A wife looking to improve her and her husband's credit scores shouldn't rely only on the rent-to-own payments for her new house	credit, score, fico, vantagescore, history, report, home, rent, own
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-impact-consumer-financial-protection-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-act-impact-consumer-financial-protection-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer financial watchdog: CARD Act improved credit cards 	One year after sweeping credit card reforms took effect, credit card holders are better off, but confusion still lingers, says the federal Consumer Financial Protection Board	credit, card, act, elizabeth, warren
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/post-recession-savings-survey-falling-behind-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/post-recession-savings-survey-falling-behind-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Recession still hurting saving, retirement funds	A national survey finds that the lingering effects of the recession are causing more Americans to become concerned about its impact on their personal finances	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bankrupcy-threatens-inheritance-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bankrupcy-threatens-inheritance-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Filing for bankruptcy threatens inheritance	A reader wants to file for bankruptcy, but worries the judge will tap her deceased father's lawsuit settlements bequeathed to her to pay off her debts 	bankruptcy, inheritance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-renter-lease-protection-eviction-landlord-owner-foreclosure-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-renter-lease-protection-eviction-landlord-owner-foreclosure-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Renters: How to protect yourself if your landlord faces foreclosure	A temporary federal law provides some protection against instant eviction, but check to see if the mortgage is being paid	renters, foreclosure, landlord, mortgage, eviction
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-rise-after-lull-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-rise-after-lull-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise to highest level since December	Credit card interest rates rose slightly this week -- puncturing a multiweek lull in which all 30 credit card issuers that CreditCards.com tracks left interest rates alone. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-unmarried-couple-ask-joint-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-unmarried-couple-ask-joint-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 questions to pop before you open joint credit with your sweetie	A joint credit card for an unmarried couple is only for those who know their love will last	joint, credit, card, account, significant other, together, sweetie, authorized
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-magnetic-stripe-innovations-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-magnetic-stripe-innovations-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card magnetic stripes get smarter	The humble credit card is about to get smart with buttons and displays to keep you on a budget and protect you from fraud	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-signs-you-are-getting-out-of-debt-too-fast-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-signs-you-are-getting-out-of-debt-too-fast-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 signs you're getting out of debt too fast	While racing to the finish line to pay off debt, some quick repayment scenarios may hurt consumers in the long run, experts warn.	paying, off, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-neglecting-credit-card-bill-ruins-credit-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-neglecting-credit-card-bill-ruins-credit-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Neglecting one credit card bill can ruin your credit	A reader has four credit cards, but only wants to pay on three of them. He wonders what will happen if he follows through	credit, card, bill, garnishment, CARD, Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-survey-vantage-consumer-federation-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-survey-vantage-consumer-federation-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers lack basic credit score knowledge, survey shows	According to a new survey from VantageScore and the Consumer Federation of America, two of every three Americans believe -- incorrectly -- that a consumer's age is a factor used in calculating a credit score. But that's not the only misconception.	score, credit, vantagescore, consumer, federation, america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-teen-credit-report-request-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-teen-credit-report-request-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Requesting a teen's credit report isn't child's play	A mom looking to get a copy of her teenage son's credit report finds that the process can be quite a challenge	credit, report, history, bureau, teen
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-frequent-flier-flyer-tips-from-travel-pros-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-frequent-flier-flyer-tips-from-travel-pros-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 credit card strategies of frequent flier mile pros	These travel junkies earn hundreds of thousands of miles without ever entering an airport. Use their credit card techniques to reap your own free flights	frequent, flier, flyer, credit card, annual fee, miles, points, churn, earn
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-american-express-rewards-aadvantage-pilot-two-cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citi-american-express-rewards-aadvantage-pilot-two-cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citi, AmEx launch rewards card program: Two cards, one statement	Trying to lure back customers in a post-recession, post-reform world, card issuers are testing programs that offer more flexible rewards	citi, amex, american express, rewards, two cards, one account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-protect-against-unethical-debt-collectors-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-protect-against-unethical-debt-collectors-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep unethical debt collectors at bay	A debtor says she's being harassed by an unethical debt collection agency. Our expert lays out the steps she can take to make the harassment stop	credit, card, debt, collection, agency, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-cringe-worthy-credit-moments-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-cringe-worthy-credit-moments-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to react to these 7 cringe-worthy credit moments	Your card's been declined, an employer wants to run your credit report and your landlord laughs when he runs your credit. How to handle these embarrassing situations with aplomb 	embarrassing, credit, situations, cringe-worthy, card, bad 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-using-deceased-spouses-credit-cards-illegal-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-using-deceased-spouses-credit-cards-illegal-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using a deceased spouse's plastic is illegal	Once a spouse dies, card accounts in his name only need to be closed immediately. Using that plastic in his name is considered fraud	credit, card, deceased, fraud, debt, joint, account, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rates-drop-to-lowest-level-since-December-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rates-drop-to-lowest-level-since-December-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates see 1st drop of 2011	Credit card interest rates declined this week for the first time in nearly three months. But it’s not all good news for consumers, as card offers for applicants with poor credit continue to be costly	credit, card, interest, rate, report, first, premier, march
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-25-cities-most-credit-card-debt-san-antonio-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-25-cities-most-credit-card-debt-san-antonio-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	San Antonio leads the list of 25 cities with most credit card debt	Overall, debt is down, but Texas, Georgia, Florida cities are all well-represented in the list of cities whose citizens rack up the most card debt	cities, 25, San Antonio, credit, card, debt, Texas, Florida, Georgia
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-top-consumer-complaints-2010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-top-consumer-complaints-2010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC report: Credit card complaints nosedive in 2010	Consumer advocates say the sharp drop in complaints proves the credit card reform law is working, but the FTC isn't convinced	ftc, complaints, gripe, credit card, identity theft, debt collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tip-gratuity-cash-credit-card-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tip-gratuity-cash-credit-card-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tipping your waiter or waitress? Ditch the credit card, pay with cash	Although tipping with either cash or credit cards offers advantages, restaurant and hotel experts say that to make sure your generosity swiftly reaches its intended target, tip with cash	cash, credit, card, restaurant, hotel, tip, gratuity, waiter, server, waitress
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-credit-commandments-young-professionals-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-credit-commandments-young-professionals-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 credit commandments for young professionals	The money habits you form in your 20s can set you up for financial success -- or failure. Be savvy with your cash early and reap the rewards later 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-maintenance-fees-closed-credit-card-account-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-maintenance-fees-closed-credit-card-account-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card account closed? You still may be charged some fees	A reader carries a balance on a closed credit card account and wonders why she's still being charged a maintenance fee. Our expert tells why that's not only legal, but common.	credit, card, maintenance, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-can-collectors-come-after-inheritance-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-can-collectors-come-after-inheritance-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can collectors come after your inheritance?	Public records are perused by debt collectors. If they find out you've inherited a chunk of cash, don't be surprised if they come out of the woodwork	inheritance, debt, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-complaint-fico-cfpb-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-complaint-fico-cfpb-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Angry about the credit scoring system? Here's what to do	Consumers with complaints about the U.S. credit scoring system -- and there are many -- will soon be getting a powerful new ally in the form of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Just don't expect a miracle overnight	credit, score, fico, consumer, financial, protection, bureau, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-january-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances drop in January	Consumer credit card balances declined in January, according to the latest Federal Reserve data, resuming their fall after posting one month of gains at the end of 2010. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-russell-simmons-author-super-rich-hip-hop-entrepreneur-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-russell-simmons-author-super-rich-hip-hop-entrepreneur-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with 'Super Rich' author Russell Simmons	In a wide-ranging interview, the hip-hop entrepreneur promotes spirituality, peace and defends the fees on his prepaid RushCard	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-financial-mistakes-to-avoid-in-divorce-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-financial-mistakes-to-avoid-in-divorce-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 financial mistakes to avoid in divorce	If you're not careful, a divorce can wreck your credit and your financial future. Protect yourself against these common financial mistakes	six, 6, protect, divorce, finances, pitfalls, mistakes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-price-increase-debit-credit-cards-block-hold-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas-price-increase-debit-credit-cards-block-hold-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using credit, debit card to buy gas now a major financial decision	'Blocks' or 'holds' on your debit or credit card funds, along with spiking high prices, can drain an account faster than a gashog drains a tank	gas, gasoline, block, hold, credit, debit, authorize, convenience, station, prices
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-months-to-prepare-for-one-income-lifestyle-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-months-to-prepare-for-one-income-lifestyle-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8-month plan to shift family from two incomes to one	Moving from two incomes to one can be terrifying, but surviving and thriving on just one income can be done -- and in just eight months	credit, card, debt, family, planning
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-therapy-money-disorders-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-therapy-money-disorders-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it time to consider financial therapy?	Do you overspend, blow your budget, obsess over your cash (or lack of it?). Then a new breed of expert -- financial therapists -- are ready to help	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rates-decline-spurred-by-test-offer-from-barclays-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rates-decline-spurred-by-test-offer-from-barclays-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Barclays' move sends credit card interest rates lower	Credit card interest rates inched lower for the second straight week as more banks begin testing offers for the spring	credit, card, interest, rate, report, barclays
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-spring-clean-finances-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-spring-clean-finances-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways to spring clean your finances	It's the season of invigoration again, a time to ditch dusty financial items and habits and start fresh with just what you need to succeed	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-reductions-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-reductions-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reform law interest rate reductions kick in -- for some	Thanks to the Credit CARD Act, some cardholders are getting a surprise in the mail: an interest rate reduction	apr, interest rate, credit card act, credit card reform law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-disabled-broke-owes-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-disabled-broke-owes-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disabled and in debt: Three choices	A woman living on disability with credit card debt wants to stop paying the $5,800 she owes. Our expert outlines her choices.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-drop-apply-new-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-drop-apply-new-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't fear credit score drop when applying for new card	Applying for a new card may trim a few points from your credit score, but it shouldn't last -- as long as you use the new card wisely	credit, score, card, debt, application, apply
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-top-five-money-tips-1292.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/todd-ossenfort-top-five-money-tips-1292.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The Credit Guy's top 5 money tips	After writing his column for the past three years, columnist Todd Ossenfort leaves his readers with these top five financial lessons 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-before-buying-online-coupon-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-before-buying-online-coupon-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 key questions to ask before buying an online coupon deal	Hit the 'buy' button too quickly, and deal-a-day websites can quickly turn into credit card debt. Ask yourself these six questions before you take the plunge	credit, card, debt, coupons, online, deals
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-7-steps-mom-ruined-my-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-7-steps-mom-ruined-my-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom ruined your credit? 7 steps to recover it	A young man is starting his career with bad credit, thanks to his mom stealing his identity years before. Our expert outlines how he can get his credit back on track	credit, card, debt, identity, theft, mom
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-credit-lines-job-savings-strategy-economy-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-credit-lines-job-savings-strategy-economy-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In hard times, keeping credit lines high may trump paying off debt	Ordinarily consumers should use spare cash to pay off highest-rate debt first. But for those with shaky income, that strategy might not be the best	gary foreman, new frugal you, consumers, debt, windfall, credit, limits, emergency savings 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-march-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-march-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates unchanged again	The Federal Reserve kept interest rates at record lows on Tuesday, once again sparing American credit card holders an abrupt increase in their annual percentage rates.	federal, reserve, board, interest, rates, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/golden-days-of-credit-cards-1950s-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/golden-days-of-credit-cards-1950s-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When credit cards were cool: The golden days of plastic	Today, having the uber-exclusive American Express Black Card is a status symbol. A half-century ago, being approved for a credit card meant you had joined the American elite	status, elite, history, credit, card, cool
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-incorrect-address-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-incorrect-address-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do with an inaccurate address on a credit report	A reader whose credit reports list addresses associated with her ex-husband shouldn't worry, but she should take action. Our expert lays out what she should do	credit, report, address, transunion, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protecting-credit-during-divorce-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protecting-credit-during-divorce-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect your credit during a divorce	When faced with divorce, it's important to seek the advice of an attorney before agreeing to leave your home or trying to pay off joint debt 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-report-apr-031611-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-rate-report-apr-031611-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates stay steady	The average annual percentage rate (APR) on new credit card offers held steady at 14.65 percent on Wednesday, according to CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, weekly
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-ramit-sethi-i-will-teach-you-to-be-rich-author-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-ramit-sethi-i-will-teach-you-to-be-rich-author-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ramit Sethi: Being rich isn't all about money	"I Will Teach You to Be Rich" author Ramit Sethi says money experts focus more on saving money rather than making yours grow, and how being rich involves more than what's in your bank account	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-apr-032311-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-apr-032311-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged for second straight week	The average annual percentage rate (APR) on new credit card offers remained unchanged at 14.65 percent for the second straight week, according to CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-credit-card-scam-fraud-disaster-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-credit-card-scam-fraud-disaster-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After a disaster, frauds pose as charities to take your card info	In the wake of a disaster, emotions can run high and people want to help. Fraudsters know it, and pose as phony charities to steal credit card information	fraud, credit card, scam, fake, charity, scam
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/japan-relief-credit-card-foreign-transaction-fees-waived-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/japan-relief-credit-card-foreign-transaction-fees-waived-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers, banks waive fees for Japan relief donations	Banks will forgo their usual transaction fees so that 100 percent of the money donated for Japan relief reach its destination	japan, relief, donations, transaction, fees, credit cards, issuers, banks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-prepaid-card-checking-account-compare-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-prepaid-card-checking-account-compare-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Prepaid card can be better deal than a checking account	With costs on the rise in the banking industry, a recent study found that prepaid cards might be a sound financial decision for people - even outpacing checking accounts in some cases	prepaid, cards, reloadable, credit, checking, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-closing-inactive-card-account-without-telling-you-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-closing-inactive-card-account-without-telling-you-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can issuers close inactive credit card accounts without telling you?	A reader is surprised that an old, dormant credit card account was closed and he wasn't told. Our expert says this is neither illegal, nor uncommon, and offers some advice	credit, card, dormant, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stay-at-home-parent-credit-cards-household-income-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stay-at-home-parent-credit-cards-household-income-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed rule limits credit cards for stay-at-home parents	As of Oct. 1, 2011, only individual income, not household income, can be considered when issuing credit cards, a new regulation  says, which will cut into stay-at-home spouses' ability to get credit on their own	household, income, credit, card, Federal Reserve, moms, dads, stay at home, individual
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-financial-disorders-under-spending-frugality-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-financial-disorders-under-spending-frugality-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When being frugal becomes an obsession	Do you or someone you know go beyond being a cheapskate? If so, you may have a money disorder -- one that financial therapists call “underspending” 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-spending-irs-money-that-isnt-yours-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-spending-irs-money-that-isnt-yours-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying the IRS back for its mistakes	When the IRS sends you a check by mistake, don't think you can cash it and spend the money without the IRS catching up to you later 	IRS, check, cash, mistake
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-tips-how-to-cut-back-credit-card-spending-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-tips-how-to-cut-back-credit-card-spending-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cut back on credit card spending	A reader who gives in easily to credit card temptation needs to take increasingly harsh preventive steps	credit, card, gary, foreman, temptation, spending, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/play-now-pay-later-entertainment-sports-payment-plans-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/play-now-pay-later-entertainment-sports-payment-plans-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Play now, pay later: Sports teams, theme parks roll out payment plans	Your favorite theme park or pro sports team wants you back, even if you have to pay for your fun over time	pay now, play later, sports, entertainment, payment plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-with-david-sirota-back-to-our-future-author-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-with-david-sirota-back-to-our-future-author-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with David Sirota, 'Back to Our Future' author 	The financial excesses of the '80s, epitomized by the fictional character Gordon Gecko, came horribly true in this century with characters such as Bernie Madoff, author says	author, David Sirota, Back to the Future, q&a
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-pay-debt-or-declare-bankruptcy-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-pay-debt-or-declare-bankruptcy-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay delinquent debt or declare bankruptcy?	A reader so deep in debt she's weighing bankruptcy wonders how to get good credit in a year. Years plural, says our expert.	bankruptcy, debt, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-law-of-attraction-helps-you-get-out-of-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-law-of-attraction-helps-you-get-out-of-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you 'attract' a debt-free life?	If you consistently think about being debt-free and banish negative money thoughts, can your mind lift you out of your financial hole?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-teen-authorized-user-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-teen-authorized-user-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to expect when you're made an authorized user on a credit card	A mother wonders whether making her teenage son an authorized user on her credit card will help pass on her good credit score to her teen	teen, credit, card, visa, authorized, user, score, fico, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recession-families-net-worth-fell-fed-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recession-families-net-worth-fell-fed-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Recession robbed net worth of 6 in 10 American families	A Federal Reserve survey puts numbers to what we already know: The 2007-2009 Great Recession took a horrible toll on most families	Federal, Reserve, net, worth, consumer, finances, credit, card, debt, survey, study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-options-student-loan-terms-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-options-student-loan-terms-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unhappy with student loan terms? Consider these options	A dad co-signed with his daughter on a student loan. He wants to pay it off soon, but he doesn't like the terms of the deal. Our expert lays out his options	student, loan, debt, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-dreams-interpretation-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-dreams-interpretation-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How money problems show up in your dreams	Money got you down? Don't be surprised if certain recurring themes show up in your dreams -- revealing increased levels of anxiety	dreams, money, interpret, financial, anxiety, themes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-budget-plan-buy-car-auto.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-budget-plan-buy-car-auto.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying a car? Know your budget, save up, plan in advance	Car shopping is the most fun, but it should be the final step. Knowing what you can afford (and not just the monthly payment) is the first	car, auto, truck, shopping, buy, afford, plan, budget, monthly payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-free-ways-reduce-financial-money-stress-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-free-ways-reduce-financial-money-stress-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 free ways to reduce the stress caused by money, finances	If you want to solve those money problems, you need a clear mind, healthy body, experts say. Here are simple ways to get them back	health, stress, money, mind, body, problems, financial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-enabling-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-enabling-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial enabling is help that actually hurts	If you’re repeatedly giving money to an adult child, he may not be the only one with a problem. Part 2 of CreditCards.com's series on money disorders	financial, enabling, money, disorder, Courtnee Mason, You're cut off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-record-033011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-credit-cards-record-033011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged for record 3rd straight week	For the first time since CreditCards.com began tracking interest rates in 2007, APRs on new credit card offers remained unchanged for a third week in a row, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, apr, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-residual-credit-card-interest-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-residual-credit-card-interest-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why interest charges remain after a card is 'paid off'	Don't be surprised if you are billed for 'residual interest' on your next billing statement -- even after you finally paid the card off 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/does-good-debt-still-exist-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/does-good-debt-still-exist-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does 'good' debt really exist?	Does 'good' debt exist anymore? Financial experts differ, but many say that in today's economy, it's time to reconsider how we look at some common types of debt	credit, card, debt, good, bad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-limit-cut-with-good-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-limit-cut-with-good-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Recession ended easy credit limit increases	Today, with credit card lenders still skittish, even good payment history may not win an easy credit limit increase	kim, mcgrigg, credit, limit, good, payments, increase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-car-rental-debit-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-car-rental-debit-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit check by car rental firm won't hurt score for long	Car rental agencies may run a credit check when you rent a vehicle with a debit card, but don't worry: It won't do much damage to your credit score	car, vehicle, rent, credit, card, debit, score, check, inquiry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-rewards-program-cutback-tips-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-rewards-program-cutback-tips-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks cutting, canceling debit card rewards programs	With banks cutting back or entirely scrapping their popular debit card rewards programs, what's a consumer to do? Here are your options	debit, card, rewards, points, cut back, eliminate, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-6-steps-building-good-credit-history-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-6-steps-building-good-credit-history-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How new U.S. residents can build a credit history	A new U.S. resident wants to build good credit but is baffled by the credit scoring system. Our expert shows him how to get started on the road to great credit	credit, score, report, card, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-dependency-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-dependency-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money disorders: Financial dependency means losing self-worth	Having someone else pay your bills may sound nice, but not being in control of your finances can lead to feelings of helplessness and depression	financial disorder, dependency, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-grocery-store-bargains-high-low-shelves-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-grocery-store-bargains-high-low-shelves-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want grocery store bargains? It's easy: Look high and low	Grocery stores study their shoppers, so they know most customers grab first for the name brands at eye level. Want bargains? Look at the top and bottom shelves	grocery, bargain, eye level, high, low, shelves
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-afford-settlement-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-afford-settlement-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't settle a debt for more than you can pay	When a debt goes into collections, don't agree to a payment plan that you can't realistically pay each month. Explore your budget and your options first 	debt, settlement, afford, pay, monthly, budget
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-february-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall in February 	Credit card holders continued to scale back their use of plastic in February, causing revolving debt balances to decline, based on the latest consumer credit data from the Federal Reserve. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-check-processing-order-avoid-debit-overdraft-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-check-processing-order-avoid-debit-overdraft-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks scrap check-clearing practices that promote overdrafts	The former practice of processing biggest payments first had led to high fees, consumer group complaints	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-entreprenuers-credit-cards-loans-dreams-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-entreprenuers-credit-cards-loans-dreams-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 entrepreneurs whose credit cards funded their dreams	Yes, most experts say don't do it, but these five people used their credit cards to start their businesses. Find out how if they would have done things differently  	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/florida-nevada-california-more-credit-card-debt-lawsuits-court-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/florida-nevada-california-more-credit-card-debt-lawsuits-court-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lawsuits over credit card debts spike in California, Nevada, Florida	Courts officials in Nevada, Florida and California -- the states hardest hit by recession -- report seeing a parade of cases filed by creditors suing to recover card debt	credit, card, debt, lawsuits, judgments, courts, sue, creditors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-balance-transfers-040611.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-balance-transfers-040611.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates steady for record 4th straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady for a record fourth straight week on Wednesday, according to CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report. But that doesn't mean issuers are sitting on their hands. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-swipe-interchange-fee-retailers-bankers-consumers-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-swipe-interchange-fee-retailers-bankers-consumers-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card swipe fee debate pits banks vs. merchants	Bankers and merchants are fighting hard over the billions in  'swipe fees' charged each time you use a debit card to buy something. But what's in it for consumers? 	debit, interchange, swipe, fees, banks, merchants, retailers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-do-free-miles-really-exist-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-do-free-miles-really-exist-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are free frequent flier miles really free?	Frequent flier rewards cards usually carry annual fees, so that free flight isn't truly free, but if you handle your card right it can be pretty close	frequent, flier, free, kim mcgrigg, rewards, flights
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-experian-credit-report-changes-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-experian-credit-report-changes-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Experian aims to make credit reports more readable	A reader asks about some language he hadn't seen on his credit report before. Our expert says it's part of a change that one major credit bureau recently finished	credit, report, experian, change
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-to-prioritize-different-debts-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-to-prioritize-different-debts-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prioritize different types of debt	A reader with several different types of debt can't figure which to tackle first. Our expert offers a plan to help her prioritize what she owes.	credit, card, debt, priority
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-rejection-wealth-avoidance-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-rejection-wealth-avoidance-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial rejection: When wealth is uncomfortable	Being rich is the American Dream, right? Not for those who suffer from financial rejection, a money disorder that prevents people from enjoying their wealth	financial, rejection, wealth, guilt, money, disorder, psychiatric
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-refrigerator-fridge-pull-plug-save-money-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-refrigerator-fridge-pull-plug-save-money-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pull the plug to save some money on a little-used refrigerator	A fridge is your most expensive appliance because it consumes a lot of power, but it's made to be turned on and off	fridge, refrigerator, pull, plug, condenser, save, money, expensive, power
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-family-members-sharing-credit-cards-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-family-members-sharing-credit-cards-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why families shouldn't share credit accounts	An adult daughter who shared a credit card with her mother wonders if she is liable for the $10,000 balance on the account	credit, card, authorized, user, responsible, sharing, balance, family
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/co-sign-credit-card-ex-spouse-mistake-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/co-sign-credit-card-ex-spouse-mistake-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why co-signing on a card for an ex is a mistake	An elderly divorcee co-signed on a credit card to help her ex-husband. Then he died, leaving her to deal with the collection calls and debt	credit card, debt, co-sign, ex-husband
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-unchanged-041311-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-unchanged-041311-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged for 5th straight week	Interest rates on credit card offers remained unchanged for a record fifth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, and experts say that’s good news for consumers	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-fall-first-quarter-2011-statistics-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-fall-first-quarter-2011-statistics-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy filings fall in first quarter of 2011	The economy has improved and tight credit means there's less debt around that can go bad, but it's not clear that the decline in bankruptcy will last	credit, card, bankruptcy, debt, filing, california
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-5-steps-eliminate-credit-card-debt-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-5-steps-eliminate-credit-card-debt-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Video: Eliminate your credit card debt in five steps	Got credit card debt? It doesn't have to last forever. CreditCards.com's Erica Sandberg shows you how you can escape from credit card debt in five easy to understand steps.	video, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bank-america-lost-statement-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bank-america-lost-statement-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card bill lost in the mail? You still have to pay it	A  postal service mistake doesn't relieve you of the duty to pay your bills, but those who pay faithfully can often catch a break -- before the goof damages their credit scores.	card, statement, bank, america, credit, score, bureau, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-credit-lessons-teach-kids-how-iinterest-works-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-credit-lessons-teach-kids-how-iinterest-works-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 lessons to teach kids how interest works	Credit and interest may be difficult for children to grasp. Here are some ways to bring the concepts home	credit, interest, children, teach
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-remove-a-credit-card-authorized-user-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-remove-a-credit-card-authorized-user-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to remove an authorized user from  a credit card account	Card issuers' policies vary in the details, but If you've been added as an authorized user on another person's credit card account, call the issuer if you want to be removed	authorized user, piggybacking, credit card, teen, parents, issuer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government-shuts-down-poker-websites-indicts-founders-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government-shuts-down-poker-websites-indicts-founders-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government shuts down 3 largest poker websites, indicts founders	Dramatically raising the stakes in its battle against online poker and the credit card transactions that have fueled it, the U.S. government has indicted the founders of the three largest poker websites and shut down the sites	credit, cards, online, poker, websites, FBI
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-mysterious-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-mysterious-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The case of the mysterious credit card balance	A reader recently got a statement for a credit card account he says he doesn't remember having. Our skeptical expert helps him to unravel the mystery	credit, card, debt, mystery
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-debt-collectors-property-home-lien-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-debt-collectors-property-home-lien-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when debt collectors threaten to put a lien on your property	The FTC prohibits collectors from threatening to put a lien on your property for unpaid debt -- unless they really intend to follow through 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-denial-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-disorders-financial-denial-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial denial: When avoidance creates money mayhem 	In our final installment of money disorder stories, we focus on financial denial -- when the anxiety of dealing with debt is so great that you just check out 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-money-in-mattress-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-money-in-mattress-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you put your money in a mattress?	Savings rates are still horrid, housing prices are still falling, but hoarding money in a mattress still isn't wise	money, mattress, cash, savings, investing, gary, foreman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-unemployed-card-debt-menagerie-animals-to-feed-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-unemployed-card-debt-menagerie-animals-to-feed-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	She has llamas, horses, dogs, no job and big debt	An unemployed reader with $30,000 in card debt wonders how she's supposed to feed her menagerie of horses, llamas and large dogs 	llamas, dogs, horses, debt, job, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-purchases-always-charge-credit-card-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-purchases-always-charge-credit-card-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 types of purchases you should always charge on your credit card	There are times you shouldn't charge, but sometimes a credit card's features can save you a load of grief	credit card, purchases, always, charge
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-myths-employer-credit-report-checks-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-myths-employer-credit-report-checks-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 myths about credit report checks by employers	Are employers truly weeding out applicants by checking potential employee credit reports? The reality may surprise you 	myths, employer, credit, score, report, check, employee, job, reality, truth
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vantagescore-credit-score-five-years-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vantagescore-credit-score-five-years-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	VantageScore turns 5: What it is, and why it matters	It's been five years since VantageScore was launched as a more consumer-friendly alternative to the dominant FICO credit score, but has it really made a difference? It depends on who you ask	credit, report, score, vantagescore, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-chase-student-cards-042011.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-chase-student-cards-042011.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shift in student cards sends credit card interest rates higher	The average annual percentage rate (APR) on introductory credit card offers climbed to 14.67 this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report, its first jump since late February	rate, report, chase, capitol one, student, national, average, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-lisa-desjardins-zombie-economics-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-lisa-desjardins-zombie-economics-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Lisa Desjardins, author of 'Zombie Economics'	If your financial situation feels like a horror movie, you'll appreciate the narrative thread behind "Zombie Economics: A Guide to Personal Finance." CNN reporter Lisa Desjardins talks about the new book she co-authored.	zombie, economics, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/european-chip-and-pin-cards-may-hurt-us-tourism-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/european-chip-and-pin-cards-may-hurt-us-tourism-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Travelers to U.S. may face credit card compatibility hurdles	If European card issuers remove the magnetic stripe from their chip-and-PIN cards, then how would international travelers use their cards here?	magnetic, stripe, chip, pin, europe, emv
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-late-relative-authorized-user-credit-card-account-mistake-charge-off-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-late-relative-authorized-user-credit-card-account-mistake-charge-off-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt on his late mother's credit card haunts a son	He was only an authorized user on his late mother's card, but a mistake lays his mother's charged-off debt at his feet, hurting his credit score	credit card, report, authorized, user, joint
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-3-keys-good-credit-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-3-keys-good-credit-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want a new card? Focus on the 3 keys to building good credit	A reader wants to improve his chances of getting approved for a new credit card. But is closing older accounts and leaving balances unpaid the right approach? 	card, credit, chase, new, debt, score, close, pay, carry, balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-electric-car-save-money-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-electric-car-save-money-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As gas prices rise, will buying an electric car save money?	Thinking about ditching your gas guzzler and going electric? Here's how to make a compare by calculating your overall cost per mile	electric, electrical, car, auto, compare, gas prices
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-5-steps-to-keep-bad-credit-hurt-relationship-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-5-steps-to-keep-bad-credit-hurt-relationship-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to keep your bad credit from hurting your relationship	A bride-to-be with iffy credit is worried about ruining her husband's sparkling credit. Our expert gives her a five-step plan to keep his credit in the clear.	credit, report, score, bad, marriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-options-kick-start-kids-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-options-kick-start-kids-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to kick-start kid's credit? You've got options	A parent asks how he can help his children establish credit. Our expert lays out his options	credit, card, student
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-april-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-april-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves interest rates alone again	The Federal Reserve once again left interest rates unchanged, protecting most consumer credit card holders from sudden increases in their annual percentage rates. But that doesn't mean the Fed has nothing new to offer.  	federal, reserve, board, interest, rates, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-info-merchants-ask-for-when-using-credit-card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-info-merchants-ask-for-when-using-credit-card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What info can you be asked for when using a credit card?	When you pay by credit card and a merchant asks you for personal information, do you have to show it? In most cases, no. In some instances, asking for personal information may violate store policy, credit card merchant agreements, and even state law. 	credit, card, transaction, data
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/treasury-rule-banks-wage-garnishment-exempt-funds-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/treasury-rule-banks-wage-garnishment-exempt-funds-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rule protects exempted funds from garnishment orders	For debtors who face frozen bank accounts due to a garnishment order, a new rule prevents exempted funds from being temporarily seized 	bank, account, seizure, garnishment, garnish, regulation, rule, Fed, May 1, 2011
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-gas-cards-042711-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-gas-cards-042711-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates unchanged again	With the cost of gas and groceries rising, consumers can take some solace in one thing that hasn't changed much lately -- credit card interest rates	credit, card, interest, rates, gas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-replace-lost-stolen-credit-cards-impact-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-replace-lost-stolen-credit-cards-impact-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Replacing lost credit cards won't impact credit score	A reader worries that his credit will take a hit when he replaces credit cards that he recently lost. Our expert says he need not worry	credit, card, score, liability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-tips-rent-property-bad-credit-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-tips-rent-property-bad-credit-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to rent property when you have bad credit	A frustrated reader keeps getting rejected when applying to rent property. Our expert tells him to improve his score -- and how to land a place now with his current bad credit	credit, card, report, score, rental
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-ruin-ex-credit-authorized-user-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-ruin-ex-credit-authorized-user-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Scheming to ruin an ex's credit score isn't wise	A woman with lousy credit wants to ruin her ex-boyfriend's good credit by adding him as an authorized user on her card account. But should she reconsider her plan? 	credit, card, score, authorized, user, bureau, report, ex, identity, id, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-mortgage-deliquency-score-damage-foreclosure-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-mortgage-deliquency-score-damage-foreclosure-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO reveals credit score damage from mortgage late pays, foreclosure	Data shared by credit scoring giant FICO shows the point damage -- and length of recovery time -- that can follow several types of mortgage payment mishaps	fico, credit, score, mortgage, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-q1-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-q1-senior-loan-officers-survey-lending-standards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed says credit cards easier to get, but does anyone want one?	Banks were more willing to approve credit card applications in the first three months of 2011, according to a new survey from the Federal Reserve, but it was less than clear whether consumers really want them.	senior, loan, officer, survey, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holly-petraeus-military-families-financial-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holly-petraeus-military-families-financial-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Holly Petraeus takes on those who prey financially on military families	As the daughter of one general and wife of another, Holly Petraeus gets fighting mad at those who prey financially on soldiers. Now she can do something about it	Holly Petraeus, QA, Consumer FInancial Protection Board, military, families financial, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-questions-choosing-secured-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-questions-choosing-secured-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 questions to ask when choosing a secured credit card	If you're shopping for a secured credit card, chances are you can't afford to make a mistake. These questions will help you find a good one	questions, secured, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-money-lessons-from-mom-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-money-lessons-from-mom-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 lasting money lessons from mom	She taught you to tie your shoes, and may also have left you with some lasting tips on the right and wrong ways to use money and credit	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mom-influences-money-management-financial-habits-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mom-influences-money-management-financial-habits-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Mom matters most in shaping our financial habits	Our money management skills are patterned after Mom most often, but spouses rule for daily spending and big purchases, according to a new CreditCards.com poll.	mom, poll, financial habits, money management, influence, creditcards.com,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-planning-ahead-early-retirement-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-planning-ahead-early-retirement-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In your 40s? It's not to early to plan for retirement	Now's the time to take a broad look ahead, define what you expect from retirement, estimate expenses see if you have the income to live out your dreams 	retirement, plan, early, estimate, budget, expenses, income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-march-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-march-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt jumps in March, Fed says	Consumer credit card balances rose in March, according to the Federal Reserve, as consumers finally began to shed their reluctance to make purchases on plastic. 	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/national-debt-credit-card-payment-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/national-debt-credit-card-payment-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What if Americans paid the national debt with plastic?	If every American pitched in and helped pay the national debt with his or her own credit card, just how much would it cost each of us? This calculator will tell you	national, debt, credit, card, calculator
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-government-benefits-protected-from-garnishment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-government-benefits-protected-from-garnishment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government benefits protected from creditors	A disabled woman is being harassed by collectors for an unpaid $300 credit card bill. A new law protecting government assistance funds is on her side	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-050611-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-050611-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates move higher	Credit card interest rates moved higher this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report. 	credit, card, interest, rate, report, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/representatives-fed-study-stay-at-home-spouses-credit-card.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/representatives-fed-study-stay-at-home-spouses-credit-card.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reps. want review of rule limiting credit for stay-at-home spouses	A Fed rule limiting credit availability of stay-at-home spouses should be studied to see if it hurts them, a quartet of U.S. representatives said in a letter Friday	Fed, representatives, congress, letter, stay at home, spouses, moms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-delinquent-debt-reaging-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-delinquent-debt-reaging-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Settling delinquent debt won't remove it from your credit report	A reader wants to get old delinquent debt off his credit report. Our expert says that unless the debt isn't really his, he's out of luck and debt will stay there for seven years	credit, card, debt, report, delinquent, statute of limitations, debt collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-new-york-household-debt-credit-Q1-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-new-york-household-debt-credit-Q1-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card limits jump for 1st time since 2008	For the first time since the economic crisis began, consumer credit card limits are increasing, according to new data from the Federal Reserve. 	federal, reserve, report, credit, card, accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-protection-plans-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-protection-plans-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are credit protection plans worth the cost?	In all her years working with people with credit problems, our expert has never heard someone exclaim, 'My credit protection plan was a lifesaver!'	credit card, protection, plan, insurance, worth, cost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-fun-enjoy-life-without-spending-money-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-fun-enjoy-life-without-spending-money-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding frugal-friendly family fun	A tight budget doesn't mean giving up all the things that make life enjoyable. You just have to find inexpensive ones	frugal, fun, spending, budget, inexpensive, enjoy life
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dealing-with-divorce-debt-depression-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dealing-with-divorce-debt-depression-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Digging out of the depths of divorce debt	It's not uncommon to be saddled with debt post-divorce. But when you're too depressed to deal with it, asking for help is your first priority 	divorce, debt, credit card, depression
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pew-report-credit-card-rates-fees-stabilized-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pew-report-credit-card-rates-fees-stabilized-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Two years after credit card reforms, rates, fees more stable	Credit card interest rates and fees have stabilized in the last year, according to a study from the Pew Safe Credit Cards Project.	credit cards, credit card act, fees, interest rates, pew, safe credit cards project
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/loaded-become-millionaire-overnight-lose-20-pounds-geist-mcdonnell-qa-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/loaded-become-millionaire-overnight-lose-20-pounds-geist-mcdonnell-qa-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with authors of 'Loaded,' a parody of financial self-help books	Willie Geist, Boyd McDonnell lampoon the get-rich-quick schemes through the idiotic money advice hawked by their faux financial gurus, the 'Dollar Bills'	book, author, qa, willie geist, boyd mcdonnell, loaded
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-airline-card-051111-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-airline-card-051111-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates stay steady	Interest rates on credit card offers stayed static this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, though banks aren't standing idly	credit, card, rate, report, interest, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-layaway-plans-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-layaway-plans-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Online layaway: Old-fashioned payment system gets new digital life	During the recession, the old-fashioned concept of layaway came roaring back to life. Now it even has an online twist	online, layaway
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-debt-horsing-around-cautionary-tale-1457.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/video-credit-card-debt-horsing-around-cautionary-tale-1457.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Horsing around with credit card debt: a cautionary tale	CreditCards.com's Erica Sandberg relays a story about one memorable encounter she had as a credit counselor with someone who needed a reality check about her finances. See what you can learn from her story about Mary and her daughter's horse riding lesson	credit, card, debt, video, money, horses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-help-unexpected-medical-costs-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-help-unexpected-medical-costs-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Seek help for unexpected medical bills	After being mugged, an uninsured reader is socked with a huge ambulance bill she can't afford to pay. Ignoring the bill will only make things worse	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-card-minimum-payment-allocation-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-card-minimum-payment-allocation-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying more than the minimum must lower your balance	A reader is frustrated that the portion of her credit card debt with a high interest rate doesn't seem to be falling, even though she pays more than the minimum	minimum, payment, balance, Credit CARD Act, principal, interest 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-steps-handle-sudden-financial-windfall-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-steps-handle-sudden-financial-windfall-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 steps to handle a sudden financial windfall	While a surprise cash infusion is almost always welcomed, it raises questions about the most effective ways to use those funds 	windfall, cash, spend, save, pay off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-lawsuit-judgment-credit-report-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-lawsuit-judgment-credit-report-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lost a court case? Your credit score could take a hit	A reader facing a lawsuit after a car accident needs to protect herself from the credit score impact from any resulting judgment against her	credit, score, report, bureau, experian, car, accident, lawsuit, judgment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-how-to-protect-yourself-email-phishing-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-how-to-protect-yourself-email-phishing-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to protect yourself from email phishing attacks	Scammers are after your personal information. Armed with these tips, you won't make it easy on them	email, phishing, attacks, tips, personal information
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unorthodox-methods-money-debt-advice-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unorthodox-methods-money-debt-advice-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nontraditional ways to seek financial guidance	At the end of your rope with money issues? Maybe you should turn to a psychic, hypnotist or kinesiologist to help you work through your hurdles	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-care-giving-elderly-parent-debt-bankrutpcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-care-giving-elderly-parent-debt-bankrutpcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Years of caregiving can land you in debt	A reader gave up everything to care for her ailing mom and now faces mounting debt, no money and no job. Is bankruptcy the answer?	elderly, parent, caregiver, debt, finances, broke, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-mental-money-traps-to-avoid-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-mental-money-traps-to-avoid-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 mental money traps to avoid	Turning your finances around is never easy, and these five mental money traps can keep you from making much progress	money traps, finances, budget, money, mental, thinking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-business-card-051811-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-business-card-051811-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates climb higher	Credit card interest rates jumped this week, after Discover raised the rate on one of its business cards. But that wasn't the only troubling news for those looking for a business credit card.	credit, card, rate, report, interest, business card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-social-security-qualify-home-loan-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-social-security-qualify-home-loan-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to shrink debt-to-income ratio while on Social Security	A reader on Social Security wants to improve her debt-to-income ratio in order to qualify for a home loan. Can it be done?	debt, income, social, security, home, loan, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-student-loan-default-wage-garnishment-myth-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-student-loan-default-wage-garnishment-myth-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debunking a myth about wage garnishment and student loans	A reader who defaulted on her student loan has heard that paying any amount of money on a debt can help stave off wage garnishment. Our expert debunks the myth	student loan, wage garnishment, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-man-vs-debt-adam-baker-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-man-vs-debt-adam-baker-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Adam Baker of Man Vs. Debt  	Blogger Adam Baker shares his journey from a traditional, credit card-driven lifestyle to one where he and his wife owe no one 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/annual-credit-card-fee-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/annual-credit-card-fee-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Despite predictions, credit card annual fees haven't returned	Dire predictions from card issuers that a 2009 reform law would boost fees has not come to pass, our fee survey shows	survey, study, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-incest-parents-children-money-problems-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-incest-parents-children-money-problems-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Overexposing kids to money problems is a bad idea	Parents who use money to control their kids or share too much information about financial problems can create lasting damage	parents, information, financial, children, kids, disorder, harm, damage, incest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-expect-debtors-anonymous-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-expect-debtors-anonymous-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debtors Anonymous: What you can expect	If your financial situation has led you to Debtors Anonymous, but you've been too afraid to go to a meeting, here's what you can expect 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-limited-credit-history-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-limited-credit-history-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rejected: How your credit history impacts card approvals	A student is rejected for a new credit due to a limited credit history and wonders what he can do to boost his credit scores further 	student, rejected, new, credit, history, boost, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-default-authorized-user-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-default-authorized-user-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Daughter's credit at risk when mom defaults	A mom defaulted on three credit cards where her minor child was an authorized user. She wonders if her daughter's credit is in jeopardy	default, credit cards, minor, authorized user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-financial-diagnosis-money-ills-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-financial-diagnosis-money-ills-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to diagnose your financial health	There are parallels between financial and physical health: Both need to be properly diagnosed and the right steps taken to cure the ailments	money, woes, financial, diagnosis
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-canceled-debt-tax-implications-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-canceled-debt-tax-implications-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How canceled debt can come back as a tax bill	After her debt was written off in 1998, a reader is socked with a tax bill for $1,392 for the debt cancellation. She wonders if this is legal and if she really has to pay it 	1099C, form, tax, canceled, written off, debt, bill, IRS
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-money-rules-to-break-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-money-rules-to-break-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 money 'rules' meant to be broken 	You've heard all the financial truisms, and while many have a kernel of truth, some axioms should get the ax	financial, money, truism, axioms
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-ticket-frequent-flier-flyer-flight-fees-rising-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-ticket-frequent-flier-flyer-flight-fees-rising-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	With all the airline fees, can you afford that 'free' flight?	At last, you've earned enough frequent flier rewards for a free trip to your dream spot. But with all the fees, 'free' isn't what it used to be	free, flight, frequent, flier, flyer, fees, airline, surcharges, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-card-2011-fee-survey-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-card-2011-fee-survey-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Secured cards offer chance to rebuild good credit -- for a price	Secured cards have higher rates and fees, but their terms vary, so it pays to comparison shop and ask questions	secured, credit, card, fee, survey, comparison
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-fico-credit-score-daughter-authorized-user-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-fico-credit-score-daughter-authorized-user-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who's to blame for mom's falling FICO?	A mother thinks her falling FICO score may be the fault of her financially troubled daughter. But a look at the mom's credit reports will confirm who's really to blame. 	fico, credit, score, authorized, user, card, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-pay-credit-card-debt-australia-visa-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-pay-credit-card-debt-australia-visa-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will card debt hold up my Australian visa?	A reader ran up credit card debt in Australia, left, and now wants to move back. Will the debt jeopardize his return?	credit card, australia, debt, immigration, visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-not-to-get-rejected-for-new-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-not-to-get-rejected-for-new-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card application rejected? 3 steps to getting next one approved	Rejected for a new credit card? Take these steps to make sure that the next time you apply for new plastic you are approved	credit, card, rejection, new, denied
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-rewards-card-052511-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-rewards-card-052511-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates slip on rewards card adjustment	A move by Wells Fargo to cut the rates on two of its popular rewards cards caused the national average to fall in CreditCards.com's weekly rate report	credit, card, weekly, rate, report, apr, interest rate, new card offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fee-study-banks-credit-unions-secured-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-fee-study-banks-credit-unions-secured-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card fee survey 2011: Find your card's fees	Find your card's fees: This table links to information showing the credit card fees from the 50 largest credit card issuing banks and credit unions  	chart, fees, credit card, banks, credit unions, list
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/patelco-cu-gold-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/patelco-cu-gold-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Patelco CU Gold credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Patelco CU Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule Patelco CU, Gold credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-more-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-more-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover More credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Discover More credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Discover More credit card fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fifth-third-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fifth-third-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fifth Third Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Fifth Third Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Fifth Third Bank Platinum, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/penn-state-employees-cu-classic-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/penn-state-employees-cu-classic-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Penn State Employees CU Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Penn State Employees CU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Penn State Employees CU Classic credit card, fee, schedule, CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com Credit Card Fee Survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-hawaiian-bank-gold-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-hawaiian-bank-gold-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First Hawaiian Bank Gold credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for First Hawaiian Bank Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	First Hawaiian Bank, Gold, credit, card, fee 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-hawaiian-bank-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-hawaiian-bank-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First Hawaiian Bank Classic credit card fees	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the First Hawaiian Bank Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	First Hawaiian Bank, Classic, credit, card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pentagon-standard-fcu-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pentagon-standard-fcu-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pentagon FCU Standard credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Pentagon FCU Standard credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	pentagon, fcu, credit, card, fee, schedule, 2011
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fnb-omaha-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fnb-omaha-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FNB Omaha Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for FNB Omaha Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	FNB Omaha Platinum, credit, card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pentagon-fcu-penpromise-standard-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pentagon-fcu-penpromise-standard-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pentagon FCU PenPromise Standard credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Pentagon FCU PenPromise Standard credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Pentagon FCU, PenPromise, Standard credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-community-credit-union-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-community-credit-union-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta Community Credit Union Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Delta Community Credit Union Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Delta Community Credit Union, credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-community-credit-union-gold-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-community-credit-union-gold-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta Community Credit Union Gold credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Delta Community Credit Union Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Delta Community Credit Union, Gold, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rbs-citizens-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rbs-citizens-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	RBS Citizens Bank Platinum card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the RBS Citizens Bank Platinum card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	RBS Citizens Bank Platinum, credit card, fee, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-community-credit-union-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-community-credit-union-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta Community Credit Union Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Delta Community Credit Union Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Delta Community Credit Union, Platinum, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blue-from-american-express-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blue-from-american-express-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Blue from American Express credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Blue from American Express credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Blue, American Express, credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redstone-fcu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redstone-fcu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Redstone FCU Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Redstone FCU Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Redstone FCU, Platinum, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-tennessee-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-tennessee-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First Tennessee Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for First Tennessee Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	First Tennessee Bank, Platinum, credit, card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redstone-fcu-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redstone-fcu-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Redstone FCU Classic credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Redstone FCU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	2011 fee, schedule, Redstone FCU Classic, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-tennessee-bank-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-tennessee-bank-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First Tennessee Bank Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for First Tennessee Bank Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	First Tennessee Bank, Classic, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/san-diego-county-cu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/san-diego-county-cu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	San Diego County CU Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the San Diego County CU Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, San Diego County CU, Platinum, credit, card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-citizens-bank-and-trust-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-citizens-bank-and-trust-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First-Citizens Bank and Trust Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for First-Citizens Bank and Trust Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	First-Citizens Bank and Trust, Platinum, credit, card, fee 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/security-services-fcu-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/security-services-fcu-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Security Services FCU Gold credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Security Services FCU Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Security Services, FCU, Gold, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/clear-from-american-express-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/clear-from-american-express-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Clear from American Express credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Clear from American Express, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Clear, American Express, credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/security-services-fcu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/security-services-fcu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Security Services FCU Classic credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Security Services FCU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Security Services, FCU, Classic, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/firstmerit-corp-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/firstmerit-corp-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FirstMerit Corp. Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for FirstMerit Corp. Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	FirstMerit Corp. Platinum, credit, card, fee, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/firstmerit-corp-classic-variable-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/firstmerit-corp-classic-variable-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FirstMerit Corp. Classic (Variable) credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for FirstMerit Corp Classic (Variable) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	FirstMerit Corp. Classic, variable, credit, card, fee, schedule 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simmons-first-national-bank-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simmons-first-national-bank-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Simmons First National Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Simmons First National Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Simmons First National Bank,  Platinum, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/affinity-fcu-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/affinity-fcu-classic-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Affinity FCU Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Affinity FCU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	affinity, fee,  credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/firstmerit-corp-classic-fixed-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/firstmerit-corp-classic-fixed-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FirstMerit Corp. Classic (Fixed) credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for FirstMerit Corp. Classic (Fixed) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, FirstMerit Corp. Classic, fixed, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simmons-first-national-bank-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simmons-first-national-bank-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Simmons First National Bank Gold credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Simmons First National Bank Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Simmons First National Bank, Gold, credit card, fee, schedule 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/affinity-fcu-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/affinity-fcu-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Affinity FCU Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Affinity FCU Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	affinity, fcu, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hsbc-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hsbc-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	HSBC Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for HSBC Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	HSBC Platinum, credit card, fee 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simmons-first-national-bank-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/simmons-first-national-bank-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Simmons First National Bank Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Simmons First National Bank Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Simmons First National Bank, Classic, credit, card, fee, schedule 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/intrust-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/intrust-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Intrust Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Intrust Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Intrust Bank, Platinum, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/m-and-i-marshall-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/m-and-i-marshall-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	M and I Marshall Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for M and I Marshall Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	M and I, Marshall, Platinum, credit, card, fee 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-classic-no-annual-fee-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-classic-no-annual-fee-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	America First CU Classic (no annual fee) credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for America First CU Classic (no annual fee) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	America First CU Classic (no annual fee) credit card fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-employees-fcu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-employees-fcu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	State Employees FCU Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the State Employees FCU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, State Employees FCU, Classic, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-classic-with-annual-fee-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-classic-with-annual-fee-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	America First CU Classic (with annual fee) credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the America First CU Classic (with annual fee) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	America First CU, Classic, annual fee, credit,card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/michigan-state-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/michigan-state-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Michigan State Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Michigan State Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Michigan State, Platinum, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-farm-bank-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-farm-bank-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	State Farm Bank Classic credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for State Farm Bank Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, State Farm Bank Classic, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pnc-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pnc-bank-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	PNC Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for PNC Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	PNC Bank, Platinum ,credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/suncoast-schools-cu-classic-starter-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/suncoast-schools-cu-classic-starter-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Suncoast Schools CU Classic (Starter Card) credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Suncoast Schools CU Classic (Starter Card) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Suncoast Schools CU Classic, Starter, credit, Card, fee, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-platinum-rewards-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-platinum-rewards-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	America First CU Platinum Rewards credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the America First CU Platinum Rewards credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	America First CU, Platinum, Rewards, credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-bank-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-bank-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	US Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for US Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, US Bank Platinum, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/umb-bank-pllatinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/umb-bank-pllatinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	UMB Bank Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the UMB Bank Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, UMB Bank Platinum, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-classic-rewards-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/america-first-cu-classic-rewards-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	America First CU Classic Rewards credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the America First CU Classic Rewards credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	America First CU Classic, Rewards, credit, card, fee 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virginia-credit-union-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virginia-credit-union-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Virginia Credit Union Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Virginia Credit Union Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, Virginia Credit Union Platinum, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/arizona-fcu-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/arizona-fcu-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Arizona FCU Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Arizona FCU Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Arizona FCU Platinum, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virginia-credit-union-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virginia-credit-union-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Virginia Credit Union Gold credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Virginia Credit Union Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Virginia Credit Union Gold, credit card, fee, schedule 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-bank-americard-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-bank-americard-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America BankAmericard Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Bank of America BankAmericard Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Bank of America, BankAmericard, Platinum, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vystar-cu-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-2176.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vystar-cu-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-2176.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	VyStar CU Gold credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for VyStar CU Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, VyStar CU Gold, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vystar-cu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-2176.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vystar-cu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-2176.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	VyStar CU Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for VyStar CU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	VyStar CU Classic, credit, card, fee, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/baxter-bcu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/baxter-bcu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Baxter (BCU) Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Baxter (BCU) Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Baxter (BCU) Platinum credit card fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/navy-fcu-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/navy-fcu-platinum-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Navy FCU Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Navy FCU Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Navy, FCU ,Platinum, credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wells-fargo-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wells-fargo-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wells Fargo Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Wells Fargo Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, Wells Fargo Platinum, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/patelco-cu-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/patelco-cu-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Patelco CU Classic credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Patelco CU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, Patelco CU, Classic, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wescom-cu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wescom-cu-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wescom CU Platinum credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for Wescom CU Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, Wescom CU Platinum, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bbva-compass-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bbva-compass-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BBVA Compass Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the BBVA Compass Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	BBVA, Compass, Platinum, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/becu-boeing-employees-classic-rewards-option-available-with-fee-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/becu-boeing-employees-classic-rewards-option-available-with-fee-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BECU (Boeing Employees) Classic (Rewards option available with $25 fee) credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the BECU (Boeing Employees) Classic (Rewards option available with $25 fee) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	BECU, Boeing Employees, Classic,Rewards, credit card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-classic-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-classic-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One Classic Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Capital One Classic Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Capital One, Classic, Platinum, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-platinum-prestige-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-platinum-prestige-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One Platinum Prestige credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Capital One Platinum Prestige credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Capital One, Platinum, Prestige, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-standard-platinum-average-credit-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-standard-platinum-average-credit-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One Standard Platinum (Average Credit) credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Capital One Standard Platinum (Average Credit) credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Capital One Standard Platinum (Average Credit) credit card fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-platinum-slate-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-platinum-slate-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase Platinum Slate credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Chase Platinum Slate credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Chase, Platinum, Slate, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citibank-platinum-select-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citibank-platinum-select-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citibank Platinum Select credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Citibank Platinum Select credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Citibank, Platinum, Select, credit, card, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/columbus-bank-and-trust-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/columbus-bank-and-trust-platinum-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Columbus Bank and Trust Platinum credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Columbus Bank and Trust Platinum credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Columbus Bank and Trust, Platinum, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/americu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/americu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmeriCU secured credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the AmeriCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the AmeriCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/digital-fcu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/digital-fcu-classic-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Digital FCU Classic credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Digital FCU Classic credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	fee, schedule, Digital FCU Classic, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America secured credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Bank of America  secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Bank of America,  secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bbva-compass-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bbva-compass-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	BBVA Compass secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the BBVA Compass  secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	BBVA Compass, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Capital One secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Capital One, secured, credit, card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citibank-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/citibank-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Citibank secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Citibank secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	citibank, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/digital-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/digital-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Digital FCU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Digital FCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Digital FCU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fifth-third-bank-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fifth-third-bank-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fifth Third Bank secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Fifth Third Bank secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Fifth Third Bank, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gte-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gte-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GTE FCU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the GTE FCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	GTE FCU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/navy-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/navy-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Navy FCU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Navy FCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Navy FCU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redstone-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redstone-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Redstone FCU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Redstone FCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Redstone FCU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/san-diego-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/san-diego-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	San Diego FCU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the San Diego FCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	San Diego FCU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/suncoast-schools-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/suncoast-schools-fcu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Suncoast Schools FCU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Suncoast Schools FCU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Suncoast Schools FCU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/the-golden-1-cu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/the-golden-1-cu-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The Golden 1 CU secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the The Golden 1 CU secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	The Golden 1 CU, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-bank-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-bank-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	US Bank secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the US Bank secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	US Bank, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wells-fargo-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wells-fargo-secured-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wells Fargo secured credit card fee schedule 	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Wells Fargo secured credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	Wells Fargo, secured, credit, card, fee, survey, schedule
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pentagon-fcu-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pentagon-fcu-gold-credit-card-fee-schedule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pentagon FCU Gold credit card fee schedule	Here's the 2011 fee schedule for the Pentagon FCU Gold credit card, according to the CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com annual Credit Card Fee Survey	pentagon, fcu, gold, credit card, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-adult-children-return-live-home-parents-tips-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-adult-children-return-live-home-parents-tips-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for getting grown children out of the nest 	Yes, jobs are tough to find, but kids need to stand on their own financially and leave the nest. It's a parent's job to know how to help them learn to fly	children, grown, next, home, return, live, parents, financially, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lost-credit-card-alternatives-to-picking-it-up-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lost-credit-card-alternatives-to-picking-it-up-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Found a lost credit card? 4 safe ways to be a Good Samaritan	If you find someone's credit card, your first thought is probably to do the right thing by making sure it doesn't get into the wrong hands. But there is some risk involved in being a Good Samaritan, depending on the option you choose 	credit, card, lost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-inheritance-rules-bankruptcy-filing-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-inheritance-rules-bankruptcy-filing-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Inheritance rules after you've filed for bankruptcy	A reader wants clarification of the 180-day rule about inheriting money after you've filed for bankruptcy 	bankruptcy, inheritance, 180-day rule, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-060111-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-060111-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged this week	The average annual percentage rate (APR) on new credit card offers was unchanged this week, staying fixed at 14.83 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report.	credit, cards, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-infographics-bank-card-delinquencies-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-infographics-bank-card-delinquencies-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Bank card delinquencies keep falling	A May 2011 report from credit bureau TransUnion shows that the percentage of cardholders who are at least 90 days late with a payment to a bank-issued credit card continues to slide	credit, card, debt, statistics, infographic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-close-card-balance-fico-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-close-card-balance-fico-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling a card with a balance doesn't have to hurt	A reader asks how much credit score damage she can expect after closing a credit card that still has an outstanding balance	credit, card, close, score, bureau, report, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-big-post-divorce-money-mistakes-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-big-post-divorce-money-mistakes-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 big post-divorce money mistakes	Breaking up is not only hard to do, it can be brutal on your finances -- especially if you commit one of these big financial goof ups	divorce, debt, mistakes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sign-up-rewards-credit-card-bonuses-more-generous-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sign-up-rewards-credit-card-bonuses-more-generous-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rewards cards' sign-up bonuses get more generous	As cards make a comeback from the recession, issuers chasing new customers are becoming more generous with sign-up bonuses	sign, up, signup, bonuses, rewards, credit, cards, Chase, Visa, MasterCard, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-rehabilitating-student-loans-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-rehabilitating-student-loans-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to make good on a defaulted student loan	A reader wants to make good on a defaulted student loan and wonders how to go about "rehabilitating" it 	student, loan, rehabilitation, credit, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-no-fun-frugal-finding-affordable-happiness-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-no-fun-frugal-finding-affordable-happiness-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for finding fun while staying frugal	You may have 'frugal fatigue,' but lamenting the good old days when you could spend freely will only make your mood worse	frugal, fatigue, happiness, affordable, fun, gary, foreman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-infographics-parents-support-adult-kids-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-infographics-parents-support-adult-kids-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Most parents financially support their adult kids	A May 2011 survey from the National Endowment for Financial Education finds 59 percent of parents are providing, or have provided, financial support to their adult children when they've finished school	credit, card, debt, infographic, report, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-april-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-april-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt drops slightly in April	Consumer credit card balances fell in April, according to new data from the Federal Reserve, as Americans remained hesitant to carry excess debt	consumer, credit, g.19, federal, reserve, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-060811-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-060811-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged for 2nd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-interchange-swipe-fee-delay-fails-senate-vote-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-interchange-swipe-fee-delay-fails-senate-vote-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. Senate fails to delay debit card swipe fee restrictions	After a Senate vote to delay them fails, new caps on fees that banks and credit unions charge merchants when customers make debit card transactions are expected to be implemented as planned by July 21, 2011	debit card, interchange, fee, durbin, banks, credit unions, retail, merchants
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-credit-card-magnetic-stripe-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/history-credit-card-magnetic-stripe-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The rise and fall of the credit card magnetic stripe	More than four decades after its creation, the credit card magnetic stripe has revolutionized the way we make purchases and share personal information. Before it goes the way of the dodo, we look back at its history.	credit, card, magnetic, stripe, ibm
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-getting-old-debts-removed-credit-reports-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-getting-old-debts-removed-credit-reports-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How many times can creditors buy old debts?	Negative credit information should fall off your credit report after seven years, but sometimes collectors disregard the rules 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-revive-credit-score-after-foreclosure-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-revive-credit-score-after-foreclosure-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to revive your credit score after-foreclosure	A reader who recently suffered a foreclosure wonders how she can raise her FICO score and how long she'll have to wait to get her next mortgage	credit, score, FICO, mortgage, foreclosure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-social-security-number-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-score-social-security-number-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No Social Security number, no credit report?	A woman made her son an authorized user on a card, but didn't provide his Social Security number and wonders if the card will still appear on his credit report	credit, report, score, fico, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-payment-history-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-payment-history-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your FICO credit score is calculated: Payment history	In calculating a FICO credit score, the most important factor is payment history. The calculation is complex, but ultimately boils down to one question: Do you pay your bills on time?	credit, report, fico, score, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-question-ask-before-opening-online-bank-account-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-question-ask-before-opening-online-bank-account-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 questions to ask before opening an online bank account	If brick-and-mortar bank fees and lackluster interest rate are pushing you to consider an online-only bank, how do you decide if branchless banking is right for you?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-payment-options-credit-card-high-interest-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-payment-options-credit-card-high-interest-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Payment options for high-interest debt	Asking a credit card company to lower the interest rate on your debt can produce a variety of answers -- most of which you will not like 	credit, card, Home Depot, interest, rate, debt management plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-college-money-myths-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-college-money-myths-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 college money myths	Some prevalent college money myths involving credit can do damage that can dog young people well after they collect their sheepskins	college, money, myths
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-computer-stolen-protect-identity-steps-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-computer-stolen-protect-identity-steps-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Computer stolen? What to do now to prevent ID theft	If you act quickly once your computer is stolen, protecting your identity can be like putting out a small fire, instead of having to call the fire trucks 	computer, theft, identity, prevents, stolen, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0615-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0615-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged for 3rd straight week	Credit card interest rates stayed steady again this week, but that doesn't mean issuers were sitting on their hands	credit, card, interest, rate, report, nascar
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-customer-i-works-scam-enforcer-busted-ftc-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-customer-i-works-scam-enforcer-busted-ftc-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC: BadCustomer.com a bad company, involved in $275 million scam 	BadCustomer.com allegedly served as the enforcer for other dishonest websites in a multimillion dollar scam. Its business model: to shut up ripped-off credit card holders by threatening them with blacklistling	BadCustomer.com, FTC, scam, ripoff, arrest, scheme
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-eliminating-credit-card-debt-without-hurting-fico-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-eliminating-credit-card-debt-without-hurting-fico-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to eliminate card debt without hurting your credit	It's a common question: When you've paid a card off, should you close it? Our expert tells a confused reader what the choice would be for her credit	credit, score, debt, fico, score, vantagescore
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-alternative-specialty-other-rental-credit-reporting-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-alternative-specialty-other-rental-credit-reporting-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Specialty credit reports: Where to obtain the free ones	Specialty credit bureaus collect consumer data on such things as rental history, insurance claims and checking accounts, and they're required to provide consumers a free report annually	credit, score, rental, history, landlords
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dad-father-influence-financial-habits-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dad-father-influence-financial-habits-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Many look to Dad first as personal finance model	Our money management skills are patterned after mom most often, but dad comes in a close second, according to a CreditCards.com poll	dads, fathers, personal finance, money, management, creditcards.com, poll
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-infographic-biggest-financial-worry-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-statistics-infographic-biggest-financial-worry-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans' top 8 financial worries	Americans are far more worried about their retirement funds (or lack thereof) than about their ability to make credit card payments, according to a poll by Gallup	credit, card, retirement, funds, statistics, infographic
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government-educate-parents-children-identity-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government-educate-parents-children-identity-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government turns spotlight on child ID theft problem	A recent study shined a light on the growing problem of child ID theft. Now, the government is stepping up its efforts to educate parents on preventing the crimes and resolving the damage already done	child, identity, theft, government, id
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-june-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-june-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cardholders, relax: Fed leaves interest rates unchanged	Credit card holders concerned about a sudden increase in their APRs can breathe easy following the latest Federal Reserve announcement on monetary policy. 	federal, reserve, board, interest, rates, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-wage-garnishment-social-security-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-wage-garnishment-social-security-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank must shield your Social Security money from garnishment	A reader's bank account, which only contains Social Security funds, has a levy against it despite a new law that requires banks to make sure those funds aren't touched	credit, card, debt, social, security, garnishment, levy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0622-barclays-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0622-barclays-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates move higher, near record levels	Credit card interest rates rose slightly this week, edging closer to record heights. The national average APR on new card offers climbed to 14.84 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report.	credit, card, interest, rate, report, barclays
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-beware-debt-relief-phone-marketers-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-beware-debt-relief-phone-marketers-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware telemarketers bearing debt relief promises	A woman wonders if those debt relief phone callers can help cut her $20,000 in credit card debt in half 	credit, card, debt, settlement, companies, warning, ftc, regulations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepay-savings-emergency-fund-alternative-strategies-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepay-savings-emergency-fund-alternative-strategies-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Alternate strategies to saving for emergency funds	If you have trouble leaving emergency savings untouched, you may be able to prepay some items, or just make your savings tough to tap	emergency fund, savings, prepay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-statistics-financial-distress-nfcc-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-statistics-financial-distress-nfcc-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Debt causes financial distress	People with debt woes suffer in more ways than one, according to a recent study from the National Foundation for Credit Counseling	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-matt-paxton-host-tv-show-hoarders-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-matt-paxton-host-tv-show-hoarders-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with Matt Paxton, host of TV's 'Hoarders'	The 'Secret Lives of Hoarders' author and TV host goes about helping with brutal honesty and a connoisseur's appreciation for the smell of decomposition	hoarder, matt paxton, A&E network, television, tv show, host, Q&A
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-collectors-can-refuse-partial-payments-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-collectors-can-refuse-partial-payments-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Collectors can refuse partial payments	Our expert dispels the myth that submitting a partial payment on an old debt will prevent a collection agency from taking you to court 	debt, collection, partial, payment, myth
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-credit-card-problems-ruin-your-summer-vacation.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-credit-card-problems-ruin-your-summer-vacation.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 credit card problems that can ruin your summer vacation	Here are some credit-related problems that can wreak havoc on your well-deserved holiday, and some tips on what you can do to avoid them, well before you board the plane or pull the car out of the garage.	credit, card, debt, summer, vacation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-delete-delinquencies-credit-report-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-delete-delinquencies-credit-report-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want accurate, negative info off your credit report? Good luck	A reader wonders if she could request that she could have some negative information removed from her credit report. Not likely, if the data is accurate.	credit, report, score, experian,  bureau, bank, delinquent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-tips-maximizing-digital-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-tips-maximizing-digital-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for making the most of digital gift cards	The market for digital gift cards has tripled in three years. While similar to their plastic counterpart, there are some differences you need to be aware of 	digital, gift, cards, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-account-amounts-owed-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-account-amounts-owed-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How FICO scores work: Credit utilization	If you want to earn a good credit score, you'll need to pay attention to your amounts owed. This credit utilization ratio goes by many names, and it's the second-most important factor used to calculate a borrower's score	credit, report, fico, score, utilization, debt, owe, amount, ratio, debt-to-credit, available
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loan-repayment-plus-loans-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loan-repayment-plus-loans-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will student's credit suffer if mom can't pay school loans?	A mom wants to know if if her son's credit will be in jeopardy if she cannot make the payments on a Parent PLUS college loan  	college, loan, parent, plus, sallie, mae, nonpayment, consequences
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-out-of-debt-smartphone-apps-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-out-of-debt-smartphone-apps-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Get out of debt smartphone apps 	Creating and sticking to a budget may not be fun, but using your smartphone to help you get out of debt sure beats updating budget spreadsheets on Quicken and Excel	get, out, of, debt, smartphone, apps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile-banking-rising-all-ages-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile-banking-rising-all-ages-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Mobile banking on the rise for young and old alike	A quarterly survey conducted by Citi revealed that consumers who bank using their mobile device is growing, even among older age groups.	mobile device, banking, senior citizens, new technology, smartphones, personal finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-chart-statistics-rise-fall-credit-cards-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-chart-statistics-rise-fall-credit-cards-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: The rise and fall of credit card accounts	Compared to all other financial products, credit card accounts rose faster before the recession and fell harder during and after it, according to New York Federal Reserve data	New York Federal Reserve, credit card, accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-tips-managing-online-spending-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-tips-managing-online-spending-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for managing your online spending	From Amazon to Groupon offers, it is easier than ever before to inadvertently rack up big balances on your credit cards 	tips, managing, online, spending, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-unusual-crazy-credit-card-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-unusual-crazy-credit-card-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 unusual credit card rewards and perks	If you take the time to peruse the merchandise and reward packages your points can buy, you may be surprised at the bounty you've been missing out on -- from kitschy to luxurious to downright bizarre  	credit, card, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pet-debt-how-animals-cost-you-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pet-debt-how-animals-cost-you-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pet debt: How animals cost you	The cost of feeding and maintaining our beloved furry, feathered or other nonhuman friends can land pet owners in the financial doghouse	pet, care, debt, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-interchange-swipe-fee-cap-21-cents-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-interchange-swipe-fee-cap-21-cents-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed sets debit 'swipe fee' cap at 21 cents 	An outcry from bankers wins them a break, but their so-called interchange fees will still be halved	debit card, interchange, swipe fee, merchant, retailers, banks, credit unions, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-women-focused-cutting-credit-card-debt-saving-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-women-focused-cutting-credit-card-debt-saving-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Women more focused than men on cutting card debt	When the Javelin Strategy & Research team polled men and women about their top financial goals in 2011, women were more frugal-minded	javelin, research, poll, men, women, gender, financial goals
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-stop-paying-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-stop-paying-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay one credit card, stop paying the others? Bad idea	A reader wonders what would happen if she tried to pay off one credit card bill first and not pay on the others. Our expert says she'll only make matters much worse 	credit, card, payment, allocation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0629-citi-shell-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0629-citi-shell-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates see rare drop	Credit card interest rates fell this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report -- just the second drop since March	credit, card, apr, interest, rate, report, shell, citi, usaa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/better-envelope-budgeting-system-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/better-envelope-budgeting-system-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Building a better envelope budgeting system	With a few refinements and simplifications, this old cash-based system still works, says our expert	budget, envelope, cash, budgeting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-court-tv-judges-top-credit-debt-cases-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-court-tv-judges-top-credit-debt-cases-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit court: TV judges' best cases and advice	Three top celebrity gavel-wielders reveal their most unforgettable credit and debt cases -- and give some free legal advice to boot	credit, court, judge, david, young, karen, alex
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-rent-car-debit-card-check-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-rent-car-debit-card-check-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Frequent car rentals with debit card shouldn't clobber credit	Renting a car with a debit card may result in a credit check that lowers your credit score. But industry experts say borrowing cars from the same rental agency more than once a month shouldn't increase the damage	car, vehicle, rent, agency, credit, score, check, inquiry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-authorized-user-after-bankruptcy-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-authorized-user-after-bankruptcy-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Declared bankruptcy? You can still be an authorized user	A reader wonders if he can still be listed as an authorized user on his wife's credit card account if he declares bankruptcy	credit, card, debt, bankruptcy, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-tips-reduce-cut-pet-veterinary-vet-bills-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-tips-reduce-cut-pet-veterinary-vet-bills-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	13 tips to cut your pet's veterinary bills	Although your pet is precious to you, when it comes to veterinary services, don't let emotions blind you to costs. Comparison shop and ask questions	tips, cut, vet, veterinary, pet, costs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bonus-rewards-signup-airline-hotel-authorized-user-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bonus-rewards-signup-airline-hotel-authorized-user-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airline, hotel credit cards offering bonus for adding authorized users	Adding an authorized user can put you over the top for that free flight, but experts advise caution -- it dings your credit and exposes you to financial risk	authorized, user, credit card, bonus, frequent flier, flyer, signup, sign-up, points, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-banks-determine-credit-limits-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-banks-determine-credit-limits-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How do banks determine a credit card's credit limit?	When banks issue you a credit card, how do they figure out how much credit to give you? Part of it is secret, the other part not so much 	credit, card, credit, limits, formula
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-path-to-good-credit-after-college-1584.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-path-to-good-credit-after-college-1584.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The path to good credit after college	Follow these four lessons on how to build a great credit profile after you graduate from college	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-negotiating-high-rate-credit-card-lower-ask-options-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-negotiating-high-rate-credit-card-lower-ask-options-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options, strategies for negotiating a lower credit card rate	Credit card rate too high? Here's how to ask for a lower one -- and how to leave if you don't get it	credit card, rate, interest, apr, negotiate, lower, ask
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/young-adults-using-credit-cards-boost-self-esteem-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/young-adults-using-credit-cards-boost-self-esteem-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	My credit, myself: Young adults using credit to boost self-esteem	In an uncertain world, recent research shows that for some 20-somethings, it just takes a quick swipe of a credit card to feel like they’ve got everything under control 	credit, cards, young, adults, self-esteem
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-account-length-credit-history-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-credit-score-account-length-credit-history-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your FICO credit score is calculated: Length of credit history	It may not be the most important factor used to calculate your FICO credit score, but without at least some length of credit history, you won't have a score at all. 	fico, credit, score, history, bureau, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-adult-daughter-abusing-elderly-mom-credit-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-adult-daughter-abusing-elderly-mom-credit-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to stop an adult daughter abusing elderly mom's credit	What steps do you take when your sibling won't stop racking up charges on your elderly mom's credit card without approval? 	elderly, abuse, mom, credit, card, unauthorized, use
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0706-record-high-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0706-record-high-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs hit record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers soared to record heights this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, record, high
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-ftc-final-rule-free-credit-scores-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-ftc-final-rule-free-credit-scores-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New Fed, FTC rules mean more free credit scores for consumers	Final rules issued by the Federal Reserve and Federal Trade Commission mean more credit applicants will be receiving free credit scores starting later this month. 	federal, reserve, trade, commission, credit, score, free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-get-refund-when-airfare-price-falls-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-get-refund-when-airfare-price-falls-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get a refund if your airfare drops after you buy	You book your flight early and then the price plummets. But, if you know how, you may be able to recoup at least some of the cost difference in the form of a voucher for a future flight	credit, card, airline, ticket, mastercard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-may-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-may-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt sees biggest jump in nearly 3 years	Consumer credit card balances saw their biggest percentage jump in nearly three years -- going up more than 5 percent -- according to data released Friday by the Federal Reserve	credit, card, debt, g.19, consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-alumni-credit-card-payments-agreements-revealed-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-alumni-credit-card-payments-agreements-revealed-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card-college marketing agreements less lucrative 	With scrutiny up on once-secret credit card marketing deals with college groups, the payments are down, a Fed report said Thursday	college, payments, alumni, marketing 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-restitution-payment-credit-hisitory-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-restitution-payment-credit-hisitory-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will unpaid restitution slam ex-con's credit?	A reader is concerned that his nephew -- who was recently released from prison -- can't make restitution payments, which could end up damaging the nephew's credit history	credit, history, prison, restitution, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-adult-son-scams-mom-into-cosigning-loans-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-adult-son-scams-mom-into-cosigning-loans-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Duped by son, mom stuck with $20,000 debt	What is a 76-year-old woman to do when she co-signs on credit cards and a car loan for her adult son and then he files for bankruptcy? 	credit, card, abuse, elderly, default, adult, children
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-what-most-consumers-know-about-credit-scores-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-what-most-consumers-know-about-credit-scores-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: What most consumers know about credit scores	The average American isn't exactly a credit scoring expert, but there are some basic elements of credit scoring that most Americans do know, according to a survey by the Consumer Federation of America	infographic, credit, card, statistics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-frugality-value-not-being-cheap-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-frugality-value-not-being-cheap-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Frugality's about value, not about being cheap	For both practical and personal reasons, on some items, it's OK to go ahead and splurge	frugal, frugality, budget, splurge, value
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-how-much-you-buy-when-shopping-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-how-much-you-buy-when-shopping-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: How much do you buy when you shop?	More than 60 percent of shopping trips in the U.S. are made for small or immediate needs, according to a study from The Nielsen Company	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-us-bankruptcy-filing-statistics-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-us-bankruptcy-filing-statistics-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	State by state bankruptcy statistics, 2005-2011	Bankruptcies reversed course and fell in 2011, but it's not just due to debt aversion. We may just be running out of people who benefit from filing	bankruptcy, filing, 50 states, Chapter, 7, 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/toddlers-tiaras-beauty-pageants-debt-costs-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/toddlers-tiaras-beauty-pageants-debt-costs-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Toddlers, tiaras -- and debt: the costs of child beauty pageants	Is your adorable child ready for the spotlight? Perhaps pageant life awaits, but be forewarned, overall costs of these beauty contests can be downright ugly	toddlers, tiaras, debt, beauty, pageant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/15-minute-fixes-for-your-credit-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/15-minute-fixes-for-your-credit-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	15-minute fixes for your credit score	Spending just 15 minutes on these expert tips can give your credit score anywhere from a small bump to a major boost	credit, score, tips, 15, minutes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0713-record-rewards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0713-record-rewards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs stay at record high	Summer vacationers, beware: Credit card interest rates stayed at record heights for a second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report. 	credit, card, interest, rate, apr, record, high
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/legal-consequences-of-lying-on-credit-card-application-fraud-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/legal-consequences-of-lying-on-credit-card-application-fraud-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Legal consequences of lying on a credit card application	Telling a lie about your income on a credit card application isn't fibbing, it's fraud, and you can be jailed for it, as a Rochester, N.Y., man discovered	fibbing, lying, income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-overdraft-lawsuit-settlement-free-money-bank-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-overdraft-lawsuit-settlement-free-money-bank-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America settles overdraft suit; consumers to get refunds	Bank of America's $410 million settlement is 1st of 30 lawsuits filed over 'biggest to smallest' debit posting practice that maximized fees; refunds are sought for 10 million customers	overdraft, fee, refund, money, biggest to smallest, largest to smallest, debit, posting, practice, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-spot-bad-beauty-pageant-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-spot-bad-beauty-pageant-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 signs of a rip-off beauty pageant	Not all beauty pageants are legitimate enterprises. Heed these 5 warning signs before you hand over big bucks for nothing in return 	beauty, pageant, warning, signs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protecting-finances-bipolar-spouse-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protecting-finances-bipolar-spouse-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect your finances when your spouse is bipolar	When marrying someone who can go on a manic spending spree, the two of you need to agree on financial transparency and a game plan	protecting, finances, bipolar, disorder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-close-credit-card-bad-idea-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-close-credit-card-bad-idea-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why closing your oldest credit card may be a bad idea	Considering closing an old card and getting a newer, cheaper one? You may be doing yourself -- and your credit score -- a disservice	credit, card, close, annual, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nonprofits-innovate-to-help-low-income-get-credit-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nonprofits-innovate-to-help-low-income-get-credit-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nonprofits innovate to help low-income people establish credit	With good credit increasingly important to living a mainstream life, the agencies are finding ways to step into the gaps that prevent people from starting and building credit	nonprofit, credit builders alliance, low income, credit, bureaus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-debt-collectors-monthly-payment-agreements-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-debt-collectors-monthly-payment-agreements-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How much can a debt collector take from your paycheck?	If you have a written deal with a debt collector to withdraw a set monthly amount from your bank account, the collector can't take a penny more. If he does, spring into action	credit, card, debt, collection, wage, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-6-questions-cash-back-miles-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-6-questions-cash-back-miles-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash back or miles? Ask yourself these 6 questions first	Cash back or miles? Cash is more straightforward and the better deal for most people. But if you travel frequently, miles can give you more bang for your spend	credit, card, rewards, travel, cash back, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-beware-opening-closing-cards-for-rewards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-beware-opening-closing-cards-for-rewards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of opening, closing cards quickly to get rewards points	Signing up for a bunch of new credit cards and getting all the sign-up bonus points may sound like a fast, easy way to a free flight. Your credit may pay a price, though	credit, card, rewards, points, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-financing-options-for-cosmetic-surgery-1284.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-financing-options-for-cosmetic-surgery-1284.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 financing options for cosmetic surgery	Tummy tucks, facelifts and nose jobs don't come cheap and are rarely covered by insurance. So just how do you come up with the cash to get the look of your dreams?	cosmetic, surgery, payment, options, medical, credit, cards, gifts, loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-watchdog-opens-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-watchdog-opens-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New agency arrives with broad powers to police financial products	A new federal agency charged with protecting consumers from unfair financial products debuts July 21, but it's a watchdog some want to keep on a short leash	consumer financial protection bureau, elizabeth warren, watchdog, financial products, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-consumer-financial-protection-bureau-watchdog-can-do-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-consumer-financial-protection-bureau-watchdog-can-do-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your new financial watchdog: what it can do 	Now that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has come to life, the new federal agency has a host of issues it can act upon. Here's a closer look at some of them	Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, federal, watchdog, powers, consumer, issues
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/richard-cordray-nominated-consumer-director-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/richard-cordray-nominated-consumer-director-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obama nominates new consumer financial watchdog chief	Amid growing criticism that the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will open Thursday without a director, President Obama has announced that former Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray will head the agency. The U.S. Senate must confirm the nominee.	richard cordray, consumer financial protection bureau, credit cards, elizabeth warren, obama, appoint
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-getting-your-first-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-getting-your-first-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get your foot in the credit door	Young, educated and debt-free, a reader keeps getting turned down for a credit card and wants to know how to get her credit started 	credit, card, after, college, rejected
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-receipt-return-changing-policy-retail-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-receipt-return-changing-policy-retail-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No more 'no receipt, no return'?	In an era of paperless billing and smartphone payments, a paper receipt seems passe. While some companies embrace no-receipt returns, others staunchly hold to their “no receipt; no return” policies	credit, card, shopping, return, receipt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-credit-score-report-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-credit-score-report-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Report highlights consumer confusion about credit scores	In a  report released Tuesday, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau protection agency acknowledged that consumers have good reason to feel confused about their credit scores. 	credit, report, consumer, financial, protection, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-figure-budget-how-much-rent-afford-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-figure-budget-how-much-rent-afford-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Figuring out how much rent you can afford	Renting? The rule of thumb is spend no more than 33 percent of your after-tax income on housing; these money-saving tips will help you get there and into a home you can afford	tips, how to, figure, budget, how much, rent, afford, affordable, housing, apartment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reality-tv-teaches-money-spending-lessons-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reality-tv-teaches-money-spending-lessons-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What reality TV teaches us about credit and spending	A slew of reality TV shows are tapping into our collective concern about saving money, spending it, turning clutter into cash and dealing with debt 	reality, tv, downsized, american, pickers, extreme, couponing, debt, pawn, stars, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0720-business-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0720-business-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Business card drop sends credit card APRs off record highs	Business card interest rates took a dip this week, sending overall credit card APRs down from record highs, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-detect-prevent-elderly-financial-abuse-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-detect-prevent-elderly-financial-abuse-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to detect and prevent elderly financial abuse	Tragically, there are those who take economic advantage of the elderly. Be aware of the warning signs and the profiles of these perpetrators 	elderly, financial, abuse, detection, prevention
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-things-consider-diving-back-into-credit-cards-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-things-consider-diving-back-into-credit-cards-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to leap back in to credit cards? 8 things to look at first	The same credit card issuers that may have dumped you or slashed your limit may suddenly be finding you more attractive. But how can you know if you should dive back into the relationship?	credit, card, issuers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-complaint-form-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-complaint-form-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New financial watchdog accepts credit card complaints	On its first day of existence, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau began policing large banks for consumer protection and launched a website to collect consumer complaints about credit cards	consumer financial protection bureau, credit cards, complaints, watchdog, elizabeth warren
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-medication-adherence-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-medication-adherence-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New medical FICO score sparks controversy, questions	Within the next 12 months, like it or not, about 10 million Americans are expected to be scored -- much like a credit score -- on how likely they are to fill a prescription and take all the pills, on schedule	credit, score, medical, fico, privacy, prescription, medicine, pills, regimen
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-limit-meltdown-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-limit-meltdown-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to deal with debt limit meltdown	For those dependent upon government assistance, the threat of suspended payments as a result of the current U.S. budget stalemate causes panic 	debt, limit, meltdown, budget, talks, social, security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-resold-loan-multiple-times-on-credit-report-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-resold-loan-multiple-times-on-credit-report-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't worry if resold loan appears twice on credit report	The same loan may appear multiple times on your credit report -- once with the original lender and again with the collector -- but it only impacts your credit once	credit, report, score, foreclosure, delinquency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-new-us-resident-wants-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-new-us-resident-wants-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New resident's quest for U.S. plastic	Having lived in the U.S. for two years now, a reader wants to know how to go about picking -- and getting approved for -- a new credit card	credit, card, immigrant, approval, credit, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-collection-rules-dead-deceased-creditor-relatives-ftc-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bill-collection-rules-dead-deceased-creditor-relatives-ftc-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds set rules for collectors calling on relatives of deceased debtors	Collecting money from the relatives of deceased debtors is fine, new federal guidelines say, but debt collectors must be transparent about what they do	federal, fed, guidelines, debt, dead, deceased, collecting, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lenders-offer-help-to-federal-workers-debt-ceiling-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lenders-offer-help-to-federal-workers-debt-ceiling-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lenders to offer aid, fee waivers if U.S. can't make payroll	Banks and credit unions that cater to federal employees are beginning to offer aid to their account holders should the U.S. fail to reach a debt ceiling deal and stops paying its workers	debt ceiling, federal workers, credit union, bank, assistance, aid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-history-american-express-authorized-user-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-credit-report-history-american-express-authorized-user-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit report history seem too short? Contact your issuer	Credit history can be a tricky thing, especially if you're not the primary person on a credit card account. But if you're ever unclear, don't hesitate to call the issuer, our expert says	credit, card, authorized, user, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-liable-for-late-spouse-credit-card-debt-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-liable-for-late-spouse-credit-card-debt-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are you liable for your late spouse's card debt?	The death of a spouse can bring with it many financial questions, including whether you are liable for paying his or her debts. The answer, sadly, isn't so simple	credit, card, debt, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mint-closes-loophole-ends-credit-card-coin-sales-frequent-flyer-flier-miles-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mint-closes-loophole-ends-credit-card-coin-sales-frequent-flyer-flier-miles-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mint bans $1 coin trick that let rewards credit cards rack up points	A favorite frequent flier points-building scheme -- buying coins from the Mint on credit cards, returning the metal but pocketing rewards, is no longer allowed	coins, $1, mint, points, frequent, flier, flyer, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-ways-cut-groomsmen-costs-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-ways-cut-groomsmen-costs-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to cut groomsman costs	Bridesmaids get all the press, but groomsmen rack up their fair share of financial burden -- anywhere from $500 to $1,500 or more. Follow these tips to help cut costs.	groomsmen, costs, cut, wedding, bridesmaids
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-rich-bride-poor-groom-pay-for-reception-lifestyle-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-rich-bride-poor-groom-pay-for-reception-lifestyle-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rich bride, poor groom and mom can't pay country club reception tab	Mom should be honest with herself and her wealthy in-laws about her financial limits, and their kids should discuss money expectations before the ceremony	rich, poor, lifestyle, finances, reception, pay, borrow
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0727-citi-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0727-citi-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs take 2nd straight dip	Credit card interest rates dipped for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-agencies-complaint-survey-report-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-agencies-complaint-survey-report-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Auto repair, credit and debt issues top consumer complaint list	A survey of government consumer agencies puts auto repair and credit and debt issues at the top of the complaint list, and budget cuts mean the agencies can't keep up with the volume	government, consumer, complaint, agencies, list
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-premier-lawsuit-federal-reserve-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-premier-lawsuit-federal-reserve-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First Premier sues Fed, watchdog agency over new credit card rules	Subprime issuer First Premier and its marketing arm are suing the Federal Reserve and the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau over new credit card rules slated to take effect in October	credit, card, federal, reserve, lawsuit, first, premier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collectors-social-media-guidelines-concerns-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collectors-social-media-guidelines-concerns-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt collectors' use of social media raises concerns	The use of social media by debt collectors to track debtors prompts government, consumer groups to ponder the need for new guidelines 	social, media, debt, collectors, collections, CFPB
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ben-mezrich-qa-moon-rocks-thad-roberts-sex-on-the-moon-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ben-mezrich-qa-moon-rocks-thad-roberts-sex-on-the-moon-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The Money Talks: Q&A with Ben Mezrich, author of 'Sex on the Moon'	The tale of Thad Roberts' ill-fated moon rock heist is the latest from the gonzo journalist, whose prior works chronicled the rise of Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the fall of the MIT students who learned to beat Las Vegas	Ben, Mezrich, author, Q&A, Sex on the Moon, Thad Roberts, moon rocks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-places-highest-atm-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-places-highest-atm-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 places with the highest ATM fees	Need cash and your bank's ATMs are nowhere to be found? If you're stuck in one of these places, be prepared to spend up to $20 for a withdrawal 	bank, atm, withdrawal, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-remove-bankruptcy-credit-report-job-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-remove-bankruptcy-credit-report-job-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you remove a bankruptcy from your credit report?	If you do a strategic bankruptcy filing -- but the move is never completed -- you may be able to have any mention of it removed from your credit report, but it won't be easy	credit, score, report, bankruptcy, experian, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-getting-credit-cards-age-18-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-getting-credit-cards-age-18-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting a credit card at age 18 isn't easy	It's not impossible, but qualifying for an unsecured credit card at the age of 18 presents unique challenges	credit, card, 18, years, old
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bankruptcy-credit-card-debt-authorized-user-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-bankruptcy-credit-card-debt-authorized-user-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will bankruptcy affect an authorized user?	Without a job and in debt, a wife considers bankruptcy, but asks if her husband is liable for debt on a credit card on which is an authorized user	bankruptcy, credit, card, debt, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-credit-score-secrets-of-young-fico-savvy-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-credit-score-secrets-of-young-fico-savvy-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 credit score secrets of the young and FICO-savvy	Today's 20-somethings face a stiff lending environment that looks down on short credit histories. Find out how some broke through barriers and build a solid foundation early	young, adults, credit, scores, FICO, savvy, secrets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0803-libor-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0803-libor-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Card APRs unchanged as run of declines stalls	Credit card interest rates held steady this week, ending a two-week run of declines that brought APRs down from record levels	credit, card, interest, rate, APR, libor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-americans-biggest-financial-worries-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-americans-biggest-financial-worries-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans' biggest financial worries	According to a July 2011 Gallup survey, a lack of money and low wages are the issues causing consumers the most concern, followed by health care costs and too much debt	credit, card, debt, study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-reduce-monthly-nut-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-reduce-monthly-nut-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You've got to know your 'monthly nut'	Your 'monthly nut' is the minimum amount you need to make to keep ahead of your bills and avoid always coming up short	monthly nut, bills, income, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-dreams-pay-off-perfect-life-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-dreams-pay-off-perfect-life-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When debt is gone, will dreams come true?	Are people really happier and better off when they escape the chains of debt? Many overburdened borrowers expect to be	debt, free, dreams, happiness
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-care-about-your-credit-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-care-about-your-credit-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can't pay your debts? Why you should still care about your credit	As appealing as it may seem to put your fingers in your ears and not worry about debt, there are lots of reasons that's unwise	credit, card, debt, score, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-june-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-june-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances surge in June	Consumer credit card balances grew by more than $5 billion in June, according to new data from the Federal Reserve, marking the first back-to-back monthly gains in three years	credit, card, debt, g.19, consumer, revolving, balance 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-name-alias-credit-report-dispute-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-name-alias-credit-report-dispute-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Unfamiliar names on credit report could signal ID theft	The presence of unfamiliar names on your credit report could have a simple explanation, such as your use of a nickname or some type of error -- or it could be the result of identity theft	credit, report, name, alias, dispute, identity, theft, bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-credit-debit-card-blocks-from-ruining-vacation-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-credit-debit-card-blocks-from-ruining-vacation-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep credit, debit card blocking from ruining your vacation	Before you even pull the flip-flops out of your suitcase for your week of vacation, your available credit may appear as though you've already paid for the whole trip. Blame it on credit or debit card blocking	credit, debit, card, blocking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-29-in-debt-buy-house-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-29-in-debt-buy-house-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Retirement funds off limits for debt repayment	At 29, a reader proposes dissolving some or all of his 401(k) to pay off $37,000 in debt. Our expert says there are other, much safer, options available 	credit, card, debt, mortgage, student, loans, retirement, funds
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-steps-to-take-if-bank-database-hacked-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-steps-to-take-if-bank-database-hacked-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 steps to take if your credit card data is hacked	When it comes to protecting customers, all banks are not alike -- but what can you do if your bank's database gets hacked?	credit, card, data, breach, hack
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-keeping-creditors-at-bay-during-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-keeping-creditors-at-bay-during-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keep creditors at bay during bankruptcy filing	Her lawyer went on vacation before her filing was finished, and now she's being sued by a creditor. What are this reader's options?	bankruptcy, sued, collector, filing, lawyer, garnish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-late-credit-card-payments-lose-rewards-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-late-credit-card-payments-lose-rewards-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Late credit card payments may cost you rewards points	If you're late paying your credit card bill, you may end up losing some rewards points. But the good news is that they likely won't be gone forever	credit, card, rewards, late, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-august-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-august-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed pledges no interest rate hikes for at least 2 years	Worried by all those headlines about higher credit card interest rates coming? If your rates do increase, it won't be because of the Fed -- at least for now	federal, reserve, board, interest, rates, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-new-credit-loan-inquiry-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-new-credit-loan-inquiry-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your FICO credit score is calculated: New credit	Taking on too much new credit too quickly can hurt your FICO credit score. However, adding 'new credit' to an old, troubled account may actually help your score. Confused? Welcome to the complex world of the FICO credit score. 	fico, credit, score, report, history, new, inquiry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-being-sued-for-unpaid-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-being-sued-for-unpaid-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How likely is it you'll be sued for unpaid debt?	The likelihood of being sued for not paying outstanding credit card debt depends on a variety of factors, but take action before that happens 	credit, card, debt, sued, collectors, likely, odds, suit, lawsuit, creditors, owe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-new-rules-protect-funds-wage-garnishment-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-new-rules-protect-funds-wage-garnishment-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New rules force banks to protect funds from garnishment	At least part of Social Security income is protected from wage garnishment, and a new rule means banks must take steps to safeguard it	credit, card, debt, garnishment, income, Social Security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0810-rating-downgrade-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0810-rating-downgrade-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Card APRs steady in wake of U.S. credit downgrade	Despite the downgrade of the nation’s credit rating and an announcement from the Federal Reserve, interest rates on new credit card offers stayed the same this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, cards, rating, downgrade
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-calculate-appliance-energy-cost-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-calculate-appliance-energy-cost-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to calculate the energy cost of appliances	By knowing the right formula and 'watt' each appliance consumes in electricity, a landlord and tenant splitting an electric bill can divide it fairly	watt, appliance, wattage, formula, electric, bill, landlord, tenant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-weigh-all-costs-when-doing-balance-transfer-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-weigh-all-costs-when-doing-balance-transfer-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Weigh all costs before doing a balance transfer	When thinking about transferring your balance to a lower rate card, you need to do the math and have a plan before you card-hop	balance, transfer, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-hsbc-how-change-affect-customers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital-one-hsbc-how-change-affect-customers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the Capital One-HSBC credit card deal affects consumers	Some 27 million U.S. cardholders awoke Wednesday to a new bank when Capital One bought HSBC's card portfolio. Here's what they should expect	hsbc, capital one, cardholders, portfolio, customers, change
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-airline-miles-worth-the-cost-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buying-airline-miles-worth-the-cost-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying airline miles: Is it worth the cost?	The offers can be tempting: buying airline miles to boost your mileage account. But how do you know you're getting a good deal and not just adding to the airlines' bottom line?	frequent, flier, airline, miles, awards, buying miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-interest-charge-closed-account-debt-collection-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-interest-charge-closed-account-debt-collection-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware of interest charged on closed accounts in collection	Collection agencies are allowed to charge you interest on debts in closed credit card accounts -- unless your card contract or state law says otherwise	credit, card, interest, collection, agency, debt, collector
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cleveland-tops-cities-improved-credit-card-payments-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cleveland-tops-cities-improved-credit-card-payments-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cleveland tops list of cities improving on-time credit card payments	San Antonio, Cincinnati, Houston and Dallas round out the top five cities that have improved most at reducing the number of credit card accounts more than 60 days late	credit card, delinquency, delinquent, 60 days, experian, San Antonio, Cincinnati, Houston, Dallas, Cleveland
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-report-consumer-credit-card-lending-demand-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-report-consumer-credit-card-lending-demand-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers warily embracing credit cards again, Fed reports show	Like two old friends trying to rebuild a fractured relationship, banks and credit card users appear to be taking tentative steps toward reconciling, according to a pair of new Federal Reserve reports	credit, card, debt, balance, limit, fed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-monthly-use-activity-fee-charge-own-money-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-monthly-use-activity-fee-charge-own-money-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks add new $3 fee for accessing your own money with debit card	Wells Fargo has sent notices to customers that starting Oct. 14, it will cost them $3 a month to use a debit card. The activity fees are a way for banks to recoup lost revenue from new caps on 'swipe fees'	debit card, interchange fee, durbin amendment, federal reserve, banks, wells fargo, merchant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-marriage-bride-groom-financial-differences.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-marriage-bride-groom-financial-differences.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bride, groom from different financial worlds need to talk, budget	If he's from financial Mars and she's from financial Venus, premarital discussions about money expectations will help prevent problems later	bride, groom, spouse, money, differences
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-avoid-freshman-15000-college-debt-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-avoid-freshman-15000-college-debt-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for avoiding the 'freshman $15,000'	The first year of college is famous for weight gain, known as the "freshman 15," but it's also bad for gaining debt. Six college students reveal how they gained, then shed, their 'freshman $15,000'	credit, card, debt, freshman, college, school
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0817-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0817-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged for 3rd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-light-heavyweight-champion-bernard-hopkins-money-business-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-light-heavyweight-champion-bernard-hopkins-money-business-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money Talks: Q&A with boxing champ Bernard Hopkins	Also an astute businessman, the light-heavyweight world champion just shakes his head at his peers' foolishness with money	bernard, hopkins, boxing, champion, money, businessman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/j_d_power-credit-card-satisfaction-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/j_d_power-credit-card-satisfaction-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	J.D. Power survey finds consumers happier with their credit cards	American Express, Discover once again top the annual survey of consumer satisfaction with their cards	jd power, satisfaction survey, credit cards, american express, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-how-high-annual-fee-rewards-credit-card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-how-high-annual-fee-rewards-credit-card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How high is too high for a rewards card's annual fee?	When determining whether a rewards card's annual fee is too high, the most important thing is to know thyself -- or rather, thine travel habits	credit, card, rewards, annual, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-wallet-recovery-kit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-wallet-recovery-kit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your Wallet Recovery Kit	Use this interactive tool to safely store important credit card and other data you carry with you, so you'll be able to recover quickly from having a wallet lost or stolen	credit card, wallet, recovery, kit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-minimum-payment-purchases-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-minimum-payment-purchases-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Merchants may require up to $10 minimum credit card purchase	A little-noticed passage within the Wall Street reform law gives federal blessing to those handwritten '$10 minimum' signs we all see at convenience stores	minimum payment, requirement, law, $10, signs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-issuer-college-marketing-agreements-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-issuer-college-marketing-agreements-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit card issuers still paying big bucks to colleges	The Credit CARD Act of 2009 changed the rules of the game, but credit card companies are still paying colleges and alumni groups big bucks to market to their students	credit, card, college, marketing, deals, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-debt-statistics-by-state-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-debt-statistics-by-state-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Alaska, N. Carolina are top states for credit card debt	When it comes to credit card debt, no state can touch Alaska. According to a report from TransUnion, the state's average credit card debt per borrower in the second quarter of 2011 was $6,926	credit, card, debt, alaska, transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bank-america-equifax-remove-authorized-user-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bank-america-equifax-remove-authorized-user-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No longer want to be an authorized user? Just ask	It's simple to be removed as an authorized user on a credit card. Just don't expect it to come off your credit report easily	bank, america, credit, card, equifax, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-low-tech-ways-manage-money-credit-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-low-tech-ways-manage-money-credit-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 low-tech ways to manage money and credit	Forget the apps, alerts and software. Old-fashioned ways of keeping track of how and where you spend often are the most effective 	money, budget, credit, cards, bills, checkbooks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-co-signed-credit-card-college-rules-limits-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-co-signed-credit-card-college-rules-limits-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Set up charging rules on co-signed card for college student	A financially reformed mom co-signed on a card for her college-bound son, but worries that he may return her to financial ruin 	co-signer, credit, card, mom, college, son
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-ways-to-rebuild-credit-after-bankruptcy-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-ways-to-rebuild-credit-after-bankruptcy-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 ways to rebuild credit after bankruptcy	More than a million people filed for bankruptcy last year, and though it stays on your credit report for years, you can start turning your credit around in as little to 12 to 18 months	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-ex-spouse-wont-pay-co-signed-car-loan-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-ex-spouse-wont-pay-co-signed-car-loan-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! Ex-spouse won't pay co-signed car loan	Even if your divorce decree says he has to pay, the bank doesn't care and has every right to go after the co-signer for payment 	divorce, co-sign, car, loan, court
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-charge-off-affect-credit-report-score-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-charge-off-affect-credit-report-score-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How charge-offs work, how they affect your credit	The phrase charge-off comes from the world of financial accounting, but if one happens to you, expect the damage to your credit to be substantial	charge, off, charge-off, credit card, loan, write off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-prepaid-card-refer-friend-programs-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-prepaid-card-refer-friend-programs-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Refer-a-friend programs catch on for credit cards, prepaid cards	Current customers, friends can get discounts for signing up, and some programs use social media to spread the word 	refer-a-friend, program, credit, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0824-chase-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0824-chase-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates jump to near-record levels	Interest rates on new credit card offers jumped to a near-record high this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-elite-qualifying-miles-frequent-flier-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-elite-qualifying-miles-frequent-flier-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to be elite? Know that all miles aren't created equal	Miles earned by spending on an airline credit card can get you free flights and more, but they likely won't get you elite status with the airline	airline, miles, credit, card, frequent, flier, elite, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-affluent-business-launched-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-affluent-business-launched-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Flurry of credit cards for affluent people, small businesses launched	The well-to-do and those who charge a lot are still coveted by card issuers through new, competing offers of boosted rewards, other goodies	rich, affluent, well-to-do, wealthy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-card-agreement-trumps-divorce-decree-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-card-agreement-trumps-divorce-decree-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card agreement trumps your divorce decree	Even if your divorce decree says your ex takes responsibility for all your joint debts, it may not matter. That's because your credit card agreement takes precedent over your decree	credit, card, debt, divorce, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-social-media-contests-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-social-media-contests-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card networks join in social media contest fun	From Yankees tickets to cash, the four major credit card networks are offering some pretty cool stuff on Facebook these days 	social, media, contests, credit, card, networks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-you-get-a-credit-card-after-bankruptcy-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-you-get-a-credit-card-after-bankruptcy-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you get a credit card after bankruptcy?	While the days of easy credit are over, credit card issuers still have products for bad credit customers to use to rebuild their credit profiles 	bad, credit, cards, bankrutpcy, offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-where-are-you-vulnerable-financially-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-where-are-you-vulnerable-financially-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Where are you financially vulnerable?	The economic storm clouds still haven't parted, so wise consumers know their potential money weak spots, and have a plan if something breaks down	financial, vulnerable, money, weak spot, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-saving-for-a-new-career-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-saving-for-a-new-career-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Boost savings with temporary budget cuts	How do you save thousands over a short period, especially when you have a tendency to overspend? First, see where you stand 	credit, card, spending, savings, career
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0901-record-high-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0901-record-high-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates rise to record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers rose to a new record high this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-type-credit-loan-mix-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-score-type-credit-loan-mix-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your FICO credit score is calculated: Types of credit used	Want good credit? Responsible use of a single loan can get you there. But if you want a top credit score -- the kind that gets you the best rates, the highest limits and the sweetest deals -- you're going to have a good credit mix	fico, credit, score, report, history, card, loan, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-couples-talk-money-before-wedding-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-couples-talk-money-before-wedding-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Most couples talk money before wedding, survey says	Nearly nine in 10 couples talk about money before getting married, according to a survey released in July 2011 by the National Endowment for Financial Education	infographic, marriage, wedding, credit, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-weird-credit-card-gadgets-devices-outfits-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-weird-credit-card-gadgets-devices-outfits-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 weird credit card gadgets, devices and outfits	Credit cards are useful, but these objects shaped like or inspired by cards let you wear them, shoot them or even floss with them	odd, weird, unusual, credit card, objects, shoot, floss, dress
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-when-good-gift-cards-go-bad-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-when-good-gift-cards-go-bad-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When good gift cards go bad	Retailers, like people, go bankrupt, leaving creditors holding the bag. So when it comes to gift cards, limiting your exposure may be best 	gift, cards, bankruptcy, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rocky-start-cfpb-new-federal-credit-card-complaint-system-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rocky-start-cfpb-new-federal-credit-card-complaint-system-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New federal credit card complaint system off to a rocky start	Complaints about complaint system: Banks say gripes to new consumer watchdog bureau's centralized system sometimes don't get through 	cfpb, consumer financial protection bureau, compliaints, centralized system
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-cashing-in-frequent-flier-miles-worth-it-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-cashing-in-frequent-flier-miles-worth-it-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cashing in miles? Make sure it's worth it	Be sure you're getting the most bang for your frequent flier miles when you redeem them. Our expert shows you how to do the math 	frequent, flier, miles, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-charged-off-account-payment-history-credit-report-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-charged-off-account-payment-history-credit-report-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In credit scoring, a good payment history trumps all	Don't worry about removing an old delinquent account from your credit report, our expert says. It's more important to have a strong payment history than a long one	credit, card, fico, score, payment, history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-millenials-shedding-credit_card_debt-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-millenials-shedding-credit_card_debt-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Millennials shedding credit card debt, survey says	In the recession's wake, every generation has shed credit card debt -- but the youngest generation has been most aggressive about it, says a new survey from Auriemma Consulting Group	credit, card, debt, generations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-compare-generic-frequent_flyer-flier-miles-rewards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-compare-generic-frequent_flyer-flier-miles-rewards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How do generic miles stack up against airline rewards?	Our expert breaks down the differences between airline-specific miles and generic miles rewards, from how they're earned to how they're redeemed and beyond	airline, miles, rewards, credit, card, generic, frequent, flyer, flier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plan-requirements-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plan-requirements-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In a debt management plan? No new credit for you	If you have negotiated with lenders through a credit counseling service to pay down your debt, the last thing you want to do is take on new loans	debt, management, plans, lenders, loans, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0907-cabelas-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0907-cabelas-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates stay at record highs	Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed at record highs this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest, cabela's, libor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-debt-after-death-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-debt-after-death-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who pays fiance's credit card debt if he dies?	If your intended carries a lot of credit card debt, make sure that your name is not on any of the accounts until after you marry 	credit, card, debt, death, marriage, fiance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-money-experiences-your-kids-need-to-have-now-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-money-experiences-your-kids-need-to-have-now-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 financial experiences your kids need to have now	To equip your children with good financial sense now -- before they have to learn things the hard way -- make time for these 8 money-skill-building experiences	kids, money, experience, teaching, credit, children
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-prioritize-debt-payments-income-drops-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-prioritize-debt-payments-income-drops-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prioritize debt payments when your income falls	It's all too common these days: A down-on-his-luck cardholder struggling to make ends meet confronts more bills than he can pay, and needs help prioritizing them	credit, card, debt, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-401k-company-bankruptcy-danger-retirement-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-401k-company-bankruptcy-danger-retirement-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does company bankruptcy put 401(k) retirement fund at risk?	A company going bankrupt does not directly endanger your 401(k) -- unless you've let too much of your investment pile up in that company's stock	company, bankrupt, 401k plan, retirement, risk, stock
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-july-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-july-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall sharply in July	A two-month surge in credit card spending screeched to a halt in July, as Americans shed more than $3 billion in card debt, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	credit, card, debt, g.19, consumer, revolving, balance 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-how-late-can-payment-be-before-hurts-credit-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-how-late-can-payment-be-before-hurts-credit-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How late can a payment be before it dings your credit?	If you're just a few days late with your credit card payment, will it show up on your credit report? Maybe. It depends on your card issuer's policy, says our expert	credit, card, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-finance-money-tips-for-parents-college-students-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-finance-money-tips-for-parents-college-students-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 money tips for parents of new college students	Your college-age son or daughter isn't the only one who needs to learn; you have new financial choices you need to master	college, student, finances, tips, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-day-late-car-payment-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-day-late-car-payment-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A late payment doesn't always mean a lower credit score	If you're just a little late with a payment, your credit score may not take a hit. Just don't make a habit of it	credit, score, report, bureau, auto, car, late, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-3-simple-steps-early-money-management-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-3-simple-steps-early-money-management-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 simple steps for early money management	Setting up financial goals when you're young can set the stage for success if you stick to a budget and set aside money regularly for the things you want 	financial, goals, credit, card, down, payment, emergency, savings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reduce-gas-pump-pain-retailers-rewards-programs-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reduce-gas-pump-pain-retailers-rewards-programs-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reduce gas pump pain with retailer reward cards	With consumers spending an ever-larger chunk of income on fuel, it helps to know that some grocers can lessen the pain with gas-incentive card programs 	gas, fuel, incentive, programs, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-hill-harper-csi-wealth-cure-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-hill-harper-csi-wealth-cure-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'CSI: NY' star Hill Harper takes the cure -- 'Wealth Cure,' that is	In his book 'The Wealth Cure,' the Harvard Law grad and hoops buddy of the president equates the battle for health to the battle for wealth	Hill Harper, Q&A, author, CSI, Ny, New York
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreement-readablility-improving-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-agreement-readablility-improving-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankers become wordsmiths as some credit card contracts get rewrite	Some U.S. banks are rewriting credit card agreements to make them easier to understand and reader friendly for consumers	credit card agreement, hsbc, discover, chase, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-fears-about-retirement-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-fears-about-retirement-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans' biggest retirement fears	When it comes to retirement, nothing scares Americans like the thought of not having enough money, according to a  survey from the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies	infographic, retirement, money, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-lost-job-unemployed-401k-loan-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-lost-job-unemployed-401k-loan-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taking out a 401(k) loan? Be ready to repay if you lose your job	Unemployment triggers a swift demand for loan repayment, and you better have the money or be ready to face financial consequences	401k, loan, repay, unemployment, lost, job
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-spending-before-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-spending-before-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Some spend lavishly up to their date with bankruptcy court	A reader is miffed that his brother continues to spend on lavish vacations and purchases, even though he has filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy 	bankruptcy, credit, cards, chapter 7, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0907-american-express-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0907-american-express-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates climb to another record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers climbed to another record high this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-security-overkill-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-security-overkill-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to avoid credit card security overkill	While protecting your credit and money is important, it’s also possible to go to unnecessary extremes, causing undue stress and hypervigilance 	credit, card, security, overkill
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-creative-ways-build-credit_card-rewards_points-quickly-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-creative-ways-build-credit_card-rewards_points-quickly-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 creative ways to rack up credit card rewards points quickly	If you’ve had the same card for a few years, happy to be collecting a few hundred points here and there, we have two words for you: Wake up 	credit, card, rewards, boost, miles, points, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-debt-management-plan-dmp-vs-chapter-13-bankruptcy-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-debt-management-plan-dmp-vs-chapter-13-bankruptcy-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt management plans vs. Chapter 13 bankruptcy	Deep in debt and hit with a reduction in pay, a reader asks what her best option would be -- filing bankruptcy or paying her debt through a credit counselor	credit, card, debt, management, plans, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-foreclosure-credit-report-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-foreclosure-credit-report-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mortgage trumps title when it comes to foreclosures, credit	Your name may no longer be on the title of your foreclosed house. But, our expert says, if it's still on the mortgage loan, there's still going to be a black mark on your credit	credit, score, fico, report, foreclosure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-mcc-codes-are-used-credit-card-issuers-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-mcc-codes-are-used-credit-card-issuers-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MCC codes unveil consumer shopping habits	Merchant Category Codes reveal where you use your plastic and are tracked by your card issuers. Want to keep your purchases secret? Use cash 	merchant, category, codes, MCC, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-canceling-frequent-mile-ticket-illness-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-canceling-frequent-mile-ticket-illness-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Too sick to use ticket bought with frequent flier miles? Your options	If an illness is likely to keep you from using your award ticket, don't panic. Our expert lays out what you can do to ensure you don't lose those miles	credit, card, frequent, flier, miles, reward, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bad-credit-new-job-employment-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bad-credit-new-job-employment-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't let bad credit keep you from landing a job	Although some employers consider job applicants' credit histories when making hiring decisions, bad credit doesn't have to keep you from finding work 	credit, history, report, score, job, employment, work
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/javelin-identity-protection-services-comparison-best-worst-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/javelin-identity-protection-services-comparison-best-worst-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: ID protection tools work, but you'd better comparison shop 	Looking to purchase ID protection services? Rather than go with the products sold by banks and credit bureaus, a recent report suggests consumers may want to choose offerings from less-known,  third-party vendors	credit, identity, id, protection, bureau, monitor, theft, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-starting-over-long-term-illness-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-starting-over-long-term-illness-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to starting over after losing job, home	Re-entering the workforce after a long-term illness in which you lost everything can seem daunting, but starting somewhere can make all the difference 	debt, illness, migraines, starting, over
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/failed-credit-card-designs-wood-glow-in-the-dark-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/failed-credit-card-designs-wood-glow-in-the-dark-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 creative credit card designs that flopped	In this slideshow, we look at eight creative credit card designs that failed to find their place in wallets across America -- and some that never even made it out of the lab	credit, card, design
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-september-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-september-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve leaves rates alone, but with a twist	The Federal Reserve didn't change interest rates on Wednesday, but it did say, "Come on, baby, let's do the Twist"	federal, reserve, board, interest, rates, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-your-fico-credit-score-is-calculated-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-your-fico-credit-score-is-calculated-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How your FICO credit score is calculated	Take a deep dive into the each of the five factors that make up the all-important FICO credit score. These five stories break down what you need to know to send your score soaring	credit, score, fico, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-bad_contractor-debt-collection-pay-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-bad_contractor-debt-collection-pay-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad contractor botches job, issues debt collection threats	When a contractor threatens to sue for unpaid bills on lousy and unfinished work, what are your options?	credit, card, contractor, debt, unpaid, bills, BBB
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-moves-plan-economic-financial-storm-inflation-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-moves-plan-economic-financial-storm-inflation-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Moves to make if you expect another economic storm	Just as you plan ahead for hurricanes, you can weather rough financial times more easily with good preparation	hurricane, financial, economic, storm, gary foreman, steps, moves, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0921-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0921-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Card APRs stay at record highs for 2nd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, as rates' upward climb paused following several volatile weeks	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-reduction-michigan-92000-credit-counseling-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-reduction-michigan-92000-credit-counseling-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Michigan couple honored for paying off $92,000 credit card debt	The federal government could learn a thing or two about debt reduction from Jerry and Sue Bailey, who have been honored for paying off their $92,000 credit card debt	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-interview-frugalista-files-natalie-mcneal-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-interview-frugalista-files-natalie-mcneal-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	QA with 'Frugalista' Natalie McNeal	Single, 32, in serious debt and in a precarious job, blogger Natalie McNeal transformed her high-spending ways into a "frugalista" lifestyle	frugalista, files, natalie, mcneal, interview
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-troubles-help-strain-relationships-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-troubles-help-strain-relationships-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How financial troubles can help relationships	Sometimes it takes an extreme situation to bring people together -- an illness, accident or even an act of terrorism. But what about a financial crisis? 	financial, troubles, couples, relationships
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-fico-credit-score-issues-with-opening-closing-rewards-cards-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-fico-credit-score-issues-with-opening-closing-rewards-cards-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consider your credit when pursuing card sign-up bonuses	Rewards card sign-up bonuses are a great way to build up more and more miles. However, if you overdo it, it can hurt your credit. Our expert tells how	credit, card, rewards, bonuses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-frequent-flier-flyer-air-miles-asset-protected-bankruptcy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-frequent-flier-flyer-air-miles-asset-protected-bankruptcy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are your frequent flier miles protected in bankruptcy?	With 300,000 miles and $60,000 in debt, a reader fears his air miles might be seized if he files for bankruptcy. Our expert says his concerns are justified	credit, card, frequent, flier, miles, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-mortgage-lender-close-cancel-credit-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-mortgage-lender-close-cancel-credit-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling credit cards may sound wise, but is it?	A mortgage lender's recommendation that a reader close his unused credit cards may have helped him obtain a mortgage, but it could hurt his credit score -- and his chances with future lenders. 	credit, score, report, card, mortgage, lender
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-joint-credit-card-account-holder-removal-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-joint-credit-card-account-holder-removal-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Removing yourself from shared card account may be tough	Want to get your name off one of your credit cards? How easy or hard it is will depend on whether you're a joint account holder or merely an authorized user	credit, report, authorized, user, joint, account, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-building-credit-paying-off-purchases-right-away-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-building-credit-paying-off-purchases-right-away-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you build credit by paying off card after every use?	If you use your plastic for everyday purchases, but pay off the balance the next day, will your credit score rise?	credit, file, score, card, prepay, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/futuristic-atm-hologram-touchless-facial-recognition-icons-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/futuristic-atm-hologram-touchless-facial-recognition-icons-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ATMs 2.0: Futuristic cash dispensers	Some of the high-tech ATMs being designed and tested may never make it to the market, we have to admit ... since one of them includes a lie detector	atm, automated teller machine, hologram, icon, touchless, gold, lie detector
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protect-elderly-parent-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protect-elderly-parent-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect elderly parents' credit cards from illegal use	Unfortunately, some adult children feel no guilt about using their elderly parents' credit cards and racking up debt in their names 	elderly, credit, cards, adult, children, abuse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0928-chase-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-0928-chase-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates reach another record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers edged up to another record high this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, apr, report, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-mark-neeb-debt-collection-aca-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-mark-neeb-debt-collection-aca-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Brother, can you spare a debt collector a dime?	WIth the economy remaining in shambles, you might think these would be plush times for debt collectors. You'd be wrong, says the new head of the collectors' association, who says his industry is smarting from fewer bad debts and more regulation.	debt, collection, collectors, FDCPA, CFPB, mark neeb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-debit-card-usage-fee-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-of-america-debit-card-usage-fee-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bank of America to charge debit card customers $5 monthly use fee	Bank of America will begin charging its debit card customers $5 a month when they use their debit cards to access money in their checking and savings accounts. BofA is the largest bank to institute debit card fees	debit card, bank of america, monthly, fee, interchange, swipe fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-fdic-enforcement-action-fee-marketing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-fdic-enforcement-action-fee-marketing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover expects U.S. 'enforcement action' over its marketing	How the card issuer sold to consumers its fee-based add-on programs such as ID theft protection to consumers has drawn fire	discover, marketing, fee, products, FDIC, attorney general, state, deceptive
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/walmart-layaway-payment-plans-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/walmart-layaway-payment-plans-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Layaway: Here today, gone tomorrow?	Walmart's the latest retailer to revive the layaway concept of paying over time without incurring debt, but experts doubt it will last once the economy recovers	layaway, walmart, debt, interest, budgeting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-ways-how-to-avoid-debit-card-usage-fee-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-ways-how-to-avoid-debit-card-usage-fee-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 ways to avoid debit card usage fees	Experts say consumers can avoid paying big banks' new monthly debit card fees by switching to a smaller bank, using credit cards or mobile payments, or pulling out that old-fashioned green paper -- cash	debit card, payment methods, fees, interchange, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bad-credit-authorized-user-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-bad-credit-authorized-user-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized user's bad credit won't hurt primary cardholder	A reader with bad credit worries that becoming an authorized user on her friend's credit card with lower her friend's credit score. 	credit, card, authorized, user, score, fico, vantagescore
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-authorized-user-joint-account-holder-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-authorized-user-joint-account-holder-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The pitfalls of shared card accounts	Our expert clarifies the differences between authorized users, co-signers and joint account holders, along with who shares payment responsibilities 	shared, credit, card, accounts, co-signer, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/busting-seven-common-credit_myths-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/busting-seven-common-credit_myths-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Busting 7 common credit myths	These common credit myths can lead to the same financial mess you would have if you were to spend your life savings looking for the Loch Ness monster	common, financial, money, credit, myths
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-judgments-follow-you-overseas-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-judgments-follow-you-overseas-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can debt judgments follow you overseas?	If you leave the country -- and your debts -- behind, what are the chances that collectors and the law will find you to make you pay up?	debt, collection, judgment, overseas, abroad, pay, owe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-proposes-rules-quicker-credit-card-refunds-online-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-proposes-rules-quicker-credit-card-refunds-online-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying online with a credit card? FTC proposes quicker refunds rule	Rules written before the Internet existed are due for an update, the agency says, including a change that will get credit card users faster refunds for merchandise	ftc, rules, regulations, shopping, online, internet, refunds, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-g19-consumer-credit-august-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fell in August	Credit card balances fell in August, new data from the Federal Reserve show, as consumers kept their cards in their wallets for the second straight month	credit, card, debt, g.19, consumer, revolving, balance 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-things-credit-cards-wont-easily-buy-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-things-credit-cards-wont-easily-buy-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 things you can't (easily) buy with credit cards	From mutual funds to lap dances, there are some things your credit card company just won't let you put on your plastic 	things, credit, cards, won't, buy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-educator-service-report-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experian-credit-educator-service-report-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Experian gets personal to teach about credit, but it'll cost you	Got a question about your credit report? A major credit bureau is now offering consumers the chance to have their questions answered over the phone by a real, live person -- for a price	experian, credit, report, score, service, educator, vantagescore, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-ways-protect-credit_rating-job_loss-unemployment-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-ways-protect-credit_rating-job_loss-unemployment-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways to protect your credit rating during unemployment	Losing your job is bad enough; take these steps to minimize the damage and prevent trouble from infiltrating another part of your financial life	credit, rating, report, score, unemployment, job, loss
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-types-money-pro-choose-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-types-money-pro-choose-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 types of money pros: What they are, how to find the right one for you	Most of the time, a do-it-yourself ethic is all you need to keep your finances in line. But even the smartest amateurs can use some expert advice from time to time	money, expert, debt, counselor, retirement, planner
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1005-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1005-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged, remain at record highs	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at record highs this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-director-cordray-senate-banking-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-director-cordray-senate-banking-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial watchdog director moves closer to approval -- or a brick wall	Former Ohio attorney general Richard Cordray moved a step closer to becoming the first director of the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The Senate Banking Committee voted 12-10 along party lines to confirm Cordray's nomination for the job	consumer financial protection bureau, richard cordray, obama, watchdog, senate banking committee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-offering-payday-loans-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-offering-payday-loans-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Big banks get into the payday loan business	It's the end of the month and money's tight, but instead of going to your local payday loan shop, some banks are offering their version of high-interest payday loans 	payday, loans, banks, high, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-frequent-flier-airline-card-or-cash-back-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-frequent-flier-airline-card-or-cash-back-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Frequent flier? Opt for airline card over cash back	Our expert says that if you fly regularly, you're better off with a miles card than with cash back -- especially if you're loyal to one airline	credit, card, miles, frequent, flier, cash, back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-card-payments-can-be-rejected-if-too-small-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-credit-card-payments-can-be-rejected-if-too-small-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Yes, your card payment can be rejected if it's too small	It may be shocking, but a credit card issuer can refuse to accept your payment if the amount is smaller than the minimum that you owe 	credit, card, debt, minimum payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-divorce-shared-capital-one-credit-card-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-divorce-shared-capital-one-credit-card-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorce doesn't dissolve credit card contracts	A reader who shared a credit card with her ex-husband finds out the existing card contract means divorce isn't enough to get her name taken off that account.	credit, card, capital, one, contract, authorized, joint, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-dollar-merchant-debit_card-interchange-increases-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-dollar-merchant-debit_card-interchange-increases-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Merchant debit card swipe fees rise for small dollar purchases	Merchants that accept debit cards for purchases under $15 are learning of one fallout from the new federal cap on debit card swipe fees: Their costs will rise because the card networks have dropped the small-ticket-item discount	merchant, interchange, debit card, retail, durbin, swipe fee, visa, mastercard,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-unfreezing-a-credit-card-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-unfreezing-a-credit-card-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can 'unfreezing' a card hurt your credit?	After a bank "freezes" your card due to nonpayment and a maxed-out status, will thawing it out help or hurt your credit score?	credit, card, freeze, maxed, out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-inheritance-liability-deceased-credit_card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-inheritance-liability-deceased-credit_card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is an heir liable for her parent's credit card debt?	A daughter inherited $70,000 from her father's estate, but it turns out he owes $400,000 in credit card debt. Will she have to forfeit her cash?	inheritance, credit, card, debt, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-students-need-to-study-economics-spending-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-students-need-to-study-economics-spending-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why every student needs a bit of economics	You may not become an economist, but everyone needs to have basic knowledge of how they spend today impacts their saving for tomorrow 	students, economics, spending, opportunity, tomorrow
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/predictive-analytics-credit-card-issuers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/predictive-analytics-credit-card-issuers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Predictive analytics: Issuers' crystal ball into card spending patterns	Card issuers turn to algorithms to determine if you are about to leave them or are having trouble paying your bills -- and allows them to step in to turn the tide	credit, card, issuers, spending, patterns, bills, predictive, analytics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1012-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1012-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs reach another record high	Another week, another record for credit card interest rates. APRs on new credit card offers reached 15 percent for the first time in the four-year history of CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-garnishment-family-credit-card-fraud-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-garnishment-family-credit-card-fraud-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cope with massive family credit card fraud	When family members commit fraud against you, it can be devastating. Our expert lays out what your options are	credit, card, fraud, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-sharing-selling-frequent-flier-miles-risky-pricey-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-sharing-selling-frequent-flier-miles-risky-pricey-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sharing or selling airline miles can be risky, pricey	Giving your miles away may be noble, and selling your miles may sound wise, but it's important to know that neither move is free of risk and cost. Our expert lays out the details	credit, card, miles, airline, frequent, flier, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-wrap-present-gift-cards-holidays-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-wrap-present-gift-cards-holidays-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 creative ways to wrap gift cards	Simplify your holiday gift shopping this year by dressing up a plain old gift card to give it that personal touch	gift, cards, creative, ways, wrap, present
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-things-know-reloadable-prepaid_cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-things-know-reloadable-prepaid_cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 things to know about reloadable prepaid cards	They're different from either traditional credit or or debit cards, so it pays to know how they work	credit, prepaid, debit, reloadable, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-7-questions-before-balance_transfer-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-7-questions-before-balance_transfer-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 questions to ask before you transfer a balance	A zero-percent balance transfer card may sound like the perfect solution to your high-interest debt problem, but that's not always the case	balance, transfer, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-uk-debt-county-court-judgment-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-uk-debt-county-court-judgment-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In U.K., unheeded court order can clobber your credit	A U.K. reader learns that a county court judgment that wasn't repaid within one month can tarnish his credit for years 	credit, united, kingdom, county, court, judgment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-don_peck-author-pinched-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-don_peck-author-pinched-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Don Peck, author of 'Pinched'	In a succinct 188 pages, Peck surveys more than 100 years of economic recessions, depressions and recoveries to arrive at something of a bird's-eye view of our current economic discontent.	pinched, author, don peck
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-dissolve-debt-marital-discord-opportunities-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-dissolve-debt-marital-discord-opportunities-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dissolving debt dissipates marital discord	When too much debt keeps your family down, taking steps to pay it off can open up new doors of opportunity	debt, credit, score, home, refinance, marriage, marital
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-money-tips-late-in-life-divorces-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-money-tips-late-in-life-divorces-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 money tips for late-in-life divorces	Few leave marriages of any length unscathed, but the financial impact is often more extreme for those who've been together for decades	money, tips, divorce, late, life
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit_card-fee-poll-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit_card-fee-poll-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: 2 out of 3 debit card users will stop swiping cards if hit with fees	Two out of three debit cardholders say they'll stop using their cards if they're hit with new debit card use fees, according to a new CreditCards.com poll. Consumer groups warn switching may not be so easy	debit card, interchange, use fees, bank of america, creditcards.com, poll
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/scariest-things-credit-card-statement-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/scariest-things-credit-card-statement-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 scariest things on your credit card statement	Although credit card statements can send chills up your spine, it’s important that you face your fears and look them over	credit, card, statements, scary
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1019-drop-chase-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1019-drop-chase-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs see 1st drop in 3 months	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell for the first time since July, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-comparison-chart-2011-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-comparison-chart-2011-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2011 airline gift card comparison chart	While most airlines offer gift cards, their terms and conditions vary. Make sure you know what you're getting before you buy 	airline, gift, card, chart, comparison
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-2011-ecards-digital-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-survey-2011-ecards-digital-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card survey 2011: E-gift cards take center stage	Though the economy may be struggling, a CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com survey of gift card issuers shows that the gift card industry continues to innovate, with digital gifting offerings breathing new life into an already strong segment of the retail market	gift, card, survey, 2011
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-common-tricks-traps-credit-card-fine-print-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-common-tricks-traps-credit-card-fine-print-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Common tricks and traps in credit card fine print	The appealing big headline in the credit card promo is often hedged and limited by the fine print -- so you had better understand it	fine print, credit card, terms and conditions, agreement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-gift-card-comparison-table-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-gift-card-comparison-table-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2011 gift card comparison chart	This interactive chart breaks down gift cards offered by dozens of the nation's most popular restaurants, retailers, airlines and other businesses. That way, you can make the smartest decision when it's time to buy	gift, card, comparison, chart
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile_gift_cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile_gift_cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mobile gift cards: the 'cooler' gift card	Mobile gift cards are the cooler, more sophisticated and smarter cousin to the plastic gift card -- and retailers are jumping on the bandwagon 	mobile, gift, cards, starbucks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phones-nfc-chip-contactless-payments-google-wallet-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cell-phones-nfc-chip-contactless-payments-google-wallet-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 reasons why your next cellphone should have an NFC chip	After years of promises, contactless mobile phone payment technology is finally here. Here’s why you might want it for your next -- or current -- smartphone	contactless, payments, google, wallet, nfc, chip
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-dealing-with-debt-collectors-after-statute-of-limitations-passes-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-dealing-with-debt-collectors-after-statute-of-limitations-passes-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when collectors pursue your time-barred debt	Your debt may be really old, but that may not stop debt collectors from trying to get you to pay. Our expert lays out what to do if this happens to you	credit, card, debt, statute of limitations, time-barred debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-establishing-credit-permanent-us-resident-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-establishing-credit-permanent-us-resident-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Have residency, but no credit?	You may have to jump through a few hurdles, but getting credit when you are a permanent U.S. resident shouldn't be too hard 	permanent, residency, us, resident, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-avoiding-gift_card-scams-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-avoiding-gift_card-scams-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card scams: How to spot them, how to avoid being a victim	As gift cards have become popular, they've attracted the attention of unsavory characters who use both simple and complex techniques to drain their values	gift card, scams, thieves, pin, steal, tips, victim
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-default-cosign-student-loan-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-default-cosign-student-loan-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mending a credit score hurt by a student loan default	A reader who defaulted on a co-signed student loan wonders whether a debt settlement is the best path to rebuilding her high credit score	credit, score, loan, student, default, co-sign, settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-protect-against-atm-skimming-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-protect-against-atm-skimming-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 ways to protect against ATM skimming	Thieves have discovered that taking money from a bank doesn’t have to involve a risky life-or-death bank robbery -- not when ATMs (and innocent victims) abound. 	debit, card, atm, theft, skimming, protection, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-why-to-calculate-net-worth-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-why-to-calculate-net-worth-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How (and why) to calculate your net worth	It's not a display of coin-stacking greed, it's a necessary, periodic step to make certain you're on track with your personal finance goals	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-gift-card-comparison-table-html-version-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-gift-card-comparison-table-html-version-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2011 gift card comparison chart - HTML version	This interactive chart breaks down gift cards offered by dozens of the nation's most popular restaurants, retailers, airlines and other businesses. That way, you can make the smartest decision when it's time to buy	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-benefits-exempt-from-garnishment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-benefits-exempt-from-garnishment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What benefits are exempt from garnishment?	An unemployed Oregonian worries that her unemployment and Social Security will be garnished for unpaid credit card bills 	credit, card, debt, medical, garnishment, social security, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-102611-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-102611-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold steady	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-applying-for-credit-after-chapter_13_bankruptcy-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-applying-for-credit-after-chapter_13_bankruptcy-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you apply for credit after Chapter 13 bankruptcy?	Even if you just want to use it for emergencies, a new credit card can be hard to get following Chapter 13 bankruptcy. However, you may have options	chapter 13, bankruptcy, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/great-american-financial-failures-jefferson-lincoln-disney-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/great-american-financial-failures-jefferson-lincoln-disney-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Great American financial failures: From Jefferson to Disney	It’s easy to scoff at millionaire celebrities who declare bankruptcy, but overextended credit is a time-honored American tradition. Some of our greatest heroes have fallen victim to bad investments and living beyond their means.	bankruptcy, broke, jefferson, disney, lincoln, twain
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-credit-report-employment-hiring-decision-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-credit-report-employment-hiring-decision-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	TransUnion asked to stop selling credit reports to employers	A coalition of consumer advocacy groups has called on credit bureau TransUnion to end the sale of credit reports to employers. 	credit, report, bureau, transunion, consumer, advocacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-kendra_wilkinson-author-cribs-cocktails-getting-my-sexy-back-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-kendra_wilkinson-author-cribs-cocktails-getting-my-sexy-back-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Playboy model, reality TV star Kendra Wilkinson	Her life changed overnight when the former dental assistant was invited to move into the Playboy mansion, but when it comes to money, she has her feet on the ground	Kendra Wilkinson, Q&A, money, playboy, reality TV
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-credit-cards-get-suspended-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-credit-cards-get-suspended-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card suspended? Why your credit's been curbed	Card been declined? Before panicking, know why your card might be in time out, how to bring it back and how it affects your credit 	credit, card, suspension, declined
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-negotiating-frequent-flier-miles-rewards-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-negotiating-frequent-flier-miles-rewards-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Short a few air miles? Negotiating won't work, but there are options	Our expert says don't expect to talk your way into paying 25,000 miles for a 35,000-mile seat. However, if you're flexible and willing to do some homework, you should be able to find a deal	credit, card, airline, reward, frequent, flier, miles, flyer 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-not-charging-debit_card-use-fee-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-not-charging-debit_card-use-fee-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase, other banks won't charge monthly debit card use fees	Chase, PNC and Citi are among the banks that will not charge debit card users additional monthly fees for accessing their own money in checking accounts. Bank of America's $5 monthly debit card fee begins in early 2012 for certain customers.	debit card, usage fee, chase, bank of america, citi, pnc, sun trust bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marriage-infidelity-cheating-credit-card-records-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marriage-infidelity-cheating-credit-card-records-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bust a cheater by checking his (or her) card activity	Sooner or later, most cheaters get caught, but not all are tripped by lipstick stains on collars, but their fishy charging and spending habits 	credit, card, charging, habits, cheaters, infidelity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-column-100-credit-report-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-column-100-credit-report-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Jeremy M. Simon's 3 favorite credit scoring questions	For my 100th column addressing reader questions on credit scores and reports, I've taken a look back at some of emails that most surprised, challenged or amused me.	credit, score, report, card, authorized
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-end-debit_card-use-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/banks-end-debit_card-use-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More banks back away from debit card use fees	More banks are backing away from charging customers to access their own money with debit cards, including Wells Fargo, SunTrust and Regions Bank	debit card, usage fee, wells fargo, suntrust, bank of america, monthly fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-big-families-can-cut-food-budget-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-big-families-can-cut-food-budget-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beyond couponing: How big families can cut their food budgets	A mother of a family of five who's already couponing wants to know how to trim her food budget further. Gary Foreman gives her an array of tips	food, budget, big, large, family, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank_of_america-drops-debit_card-fee-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank_of_america-drops-debit_card-fee-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bowing to pressure, BofA drops controversial debit card use fee	After weeks of negative publicity and customer anger, Bank of America announced Tuesday it will drop plans for a controversial fee for using debit cards	bank of america, debit card, fee, monthly, usage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-november-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-november-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Downbeat Federal Reserve leaves rates alone	The Federal Reserve kept interest rates as-is on Wednesday, as the central bank weighed other options for stimulating a weak U.S. economy	federal, reserve, board, interest, rates, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-long-can-authorized-user-go-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-long-can-authorized-user-go-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How low can an authorized user go?	What's wrong with this picture when a reader asks if an authorized user on a credit card wants to open other accounts in the primary card holder's name?	authorized, user, credit, card, primary, account, score, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-110211-decline-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-110211-decline-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates see 2nd drop in 3 weeks	Interest rates on new credit card offers inched lower for the second time in three weeks, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-when-bankruptcy-makes-sense-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-when-bankruptcy-makes-sense-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When bankruptcy makes sense	With a sick spouse, $20,000 in credit card debt and a small salary, a woman wonders just how she is going to make ends meet. You probably can't, says Sally  	credit, card, debt, bankruptcy,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-what-to-consider-before-getting-hotel-credit-card-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-what-to-consider-before-getting-hotel-credit-card-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to consider before getting a hotel credit card	If you travel a lot and you've got all the airline miles you need, getting a hotel credit card could be wise, our expert says. Here's what you need to know before you pick one	credit, card, hotel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-qualifying-for-mortgage-with-bad-credit-on-disability-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-qualifying-for-mortgage-with-bad-credit-on-disability-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit and living on disability: Is a new home out of reach?	A new home may not be out of reach just because you have bad credit and live on disability payments, our expert says. But don't expect it to come easily either	credit, score, mortgage, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-consumer-credit-g19-senior-loan-officer-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-consumer-credit-g19-senior-loan-officer-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Consumer credit demand up, even as debt falls	Consumers may have increased access to credit cards, but they nevertheless continue to cut debt levels, a pair of new Federal Reserve reports show	credit, card, debt, g.19, consumer, revolving, balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-when-debt-payments-dont-make-a-dent-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-when-debt-payments-dont-make-a-dent-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Make sure your payments make a dent in your debt	Debt payments that don't seem to diminish your total debt can get frustrating. You have three options: pay more, seek help or bail 	debt, repayment, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-close-card-annual-fee-credit-score-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-close-card-annual-fee-credit-score-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why closing a credit card can damage your credit	After the bank hiked the annual fee on his credit card, a reader reacted by closing the account, which lowered his credit score. Our expert explains why that happened 	credit, score, card, annual, fee, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit_card-issuers-treating-consumers-better-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit_card-issuers-treating-consumers-better-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Consumers feel card issuers are treating them better	After enduring account closures, slashed credit limits, rejected applications and other bad treatment from credit card issuers in the throes of the recession, things got better in 2011, according to a November 2011 survey from Consumer Reports	credit, card, issuer, treatment, consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-terry-hekker-disregard-first-book-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-terry-hekker-disregard-first-book-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Terry Hekker, author of 'Disregard First Book'	Author Terry Hekker's advice to women in the 1980s was to stay at home with their kids. Today, 79 and divorced, she has changed her tune	terry, hekker, author
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/show-debt-proof-collection-trend-industry-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/show-debt-proof-collection-trend-industry-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debtors to collectors: Show proof the debt is really owed	With legislation and regulation aimed at leveling the playing field, a growing number of states are requiring collectors to prove a debt is really owed 	debt, debtor, collections, collector, rules, regulations, aca international
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-lending-post-recession-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-lending-post-recession-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Small businesses struggle to find credit in post-recession world	With lending still tight in a post-recession economy, businesses seek alternative funding sources or just don't borrow at all, slowing recovery	economy, recession, businesses, small, credit, lending, borrow
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-easy-inexpensive-home-heating-tips-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-easy-inexpensive-home-heating-tips-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Easy, inexpensive home heating tips	Some of the fixes won't win you awards from design magazines, but these inexpensive solutions will keep you warm without busting your budget	heat, budget, cost, warm, winterizing, gary foreman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-secret_debt-divorce-who-pays-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-secret_debt-divorce-who-pays-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who pays secret debt in divorce?	When a spouse living in a community property state has secret debt that comes to light during a divorce, just who has to pay for it?	divorce, debt, credit, card, community, property
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-crooks-quirky-charges-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-crooks-quirky-charges-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tales of credit card crooks' quirky charges	Some credit card crooks rack up the most unusual charges on stolen cards -- often leaving themselves wide open for being busted 	credit, card, crooks, thieves, tales
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-tying-up-card-debt-when-death-is-near-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-tying-up-card-debt-when-death-is-near-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tying up card debt when death's near	A reader with cancer has only a few months to live and worries that the balance on her unpaid card debt will fall to her husband 	credit, card, debt, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-110911-usaa-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-110911-usaa-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs inch up, near record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers inched up this week for the first time in a month, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-cancel-your-credit-card-at-any-time-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-cancel-your-credit-card-at-any-time-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to cancel your card? Bank must comply	Whether you've just applied for a preapproved credit card or you've had the card for 20 years, you can cancel the card whenever you want	credit, card, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-be-cautious-when-closing-credit-cards-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-be-cautious-when-closing-credit-cards-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling a credit card is OK -- if done wisely	When your credit improves, it can be tempting to dump your old, bad-credit credit cards in favor of newer cards. But, our expert says, drop too many cards and your credit could pay the price again	cancel, credit, card, canceling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-final-credit-score-report-column-1508.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jeremy-simon-final-credit-score-report-column-1508.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What everyone should know about credit reports and scores	For my final CreditCards.com column, I've written a letter to readers that summarizes what you really need to know about credit scores and reports. 	credit, score, report, column, fico, bureau, experian, equifax, transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-art-markman-smart-thinking-psychology-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-art-markman-smart-thinking-psychology-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with 'Smart Thinking' author Art Markman	Art Markman, author of the upcoming 'Smart Thinking' and a psychology professor at the University of Texas, explains what psychology can teach us about making better personal financial decisions	personal, finance, credit, card, cash, psychology, art, markman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/more-stores-moving-to-digital-receipts-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/more-stores-moving-to-digital-receipts-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More stores moving to digital receipts	With the holidays approaching, more retailers are rolling out digital receipts in an attempt to streamline the inevitable glut of post-holiday returns. But not everyone is happy about it	credit, card, receipt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-authorized-users-rewards-points-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-authorized-users-rewards-points-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized users can't access rewards without special permission	If you're an authorized user on someone's credit card, the only way you can access the rewards points for the purchases you've made is if the primary account holder gives you special access	credit, card, rewards, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-holiday-credit_card-special_promotions-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2011-holiday-credit_card-special_promotions-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2011 credit card holiday gift promotions	If your gift list includes the promotional items offered by the card issuers, you could get discounts or boost your own rewards	gift, promotional, 2011, rewards, portals
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-marriage-maintain-individual-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-marriage-maintain-individual-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In marriage, maintain your own credit 	Combining finances can be great, but it's important to maintain at least one credit card in your own name to protect your personal credit rating 	credit, card, score, reports, marriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-more-americans-buying-gifts-holiday-season-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-more-americans-buying-gifts-holiday-season-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans ramp up gift giving for 2011 holiday season	After years of recession-fueled frugality, more Americans are feeling the holiday gift-giving spirit in 2011, according to a survey from USAA	gift, giving, holiday, survey, usaa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-set-childrens-allowance-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-set-childrens-allowance-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to set children's allowances	Setting an allowance, and deciding whether to tie it to chores, is an art form, but one that teaches money lessons for life	gary foreman, money, allowance, children, chores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-111611-citi-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-111611-citi-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold steady	The average interest rate on a new credit card offer stayed static this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. However, that doesn't mean that all of the nation's largest credit card issuers were sitting on their hands	credit, card, citi, apr, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-more-gift-buying-with-budget-holiday-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-more-gift-buying-with-budget-holiday-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans to boost holiday spending, but do so wisely	A November 2011 report says that Americans plan to ramp up their holiday spending nearly 20 percent from 2010. However, the report from American Express says that consumers also intend to be smarter about their purchases	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-return-college-with-student-loans-in-default-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-return-college-with-student-loans-in-default-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I go back to college if student loans are in default?	Unpaid student loans can haunt you for the rest of your life, but shouldn't keep you from pursuing your dreams of finishing college 	unpaid, student, loans, debt, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-wage-garnishment-before-court-hearing-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-wage-garnishment-before-court-hearing-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can wages by garnished before a court date?	If you've been served for past-due debt, don't wait until the official court hearing to respond or you may find your wages garnished before you're prepared 	wage, garnishment, court, debt, collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chart-2011-holiday-credit-card-promotions-deals-bargains-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chart-2011-holiday-credit-card-promotions-deals-bargains-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chart: 2011 holiday credit card promotions, special deals	This chart helps you find details of the special credit card promotions, special deals and bargains that seven major card issuers have offered for the 2011 holiday season	special, credit card, promotions, deals, rewards, bargains, 2011, holiday season
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-reasons-credit-card-rewards-go-unredeemed-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-reasons-credit-card-rewards-go-unredeemed-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 reasons card rewards go unredeemed -- and how to change that	One-third of $48 billion earned in rewards points or miles goes unused every year for various reasons. What's keeping people from cashing in? 	credit, card, rewards, cashing, in
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-be-mindful-of-your-hassle-to-rewards-ratio-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-be-mindful-of-your-hassle-to-rewards-ratio-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be mindful of your card's hassle-to-rewards ratio	Is your rewards card more hassle than it's worth? Our expert lays out how you can figure that out for yourself	credit card, rewards, hassle, flier, flyer, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-tips-keep-cards-safe-shopping-online-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-tips-keep-cards-safe-shopping-online-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 tips to keep your cards safe while shopping online	There are Webby tricks to learn, but the basic ideas for shopping online safely are the same as at the mall: Keep your wallet safe, don't talk to strangers and stick to places you know and trust	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-getting-more-credit-when-student_loan-comes-due-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-getting-more-credit-when-student_loan-comes-due-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be wary of getting more credit when student loan comes due	With a $14,000 student loan coming due soon, a reader wonders if getting a new department store credit card was wise. Our expert's answer: It depends.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit_card-versus-credit_card-retailers-bankers-payment-choices-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit_card-versus-credit_card-retailers-bankers-payment-choices-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit vs. credit card: The battle is on for your wallet	Pay with a debit card and retailers are happy because it has the least costly card processing fees. Bankers, on the other hand, may be hoping you choose a credit card to pay for your next purchase because they maximize profit potential for card issuers.	debit card, credit card, interchange, merchants, retailers, bankers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-rewards-card-signup-bonuses-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-rewards-card-signup-bonuses-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are rewards card sign-up bonuses just for new customers?	A Chase cardholder wants to upgrade his old card for a new Chase card with a great sign-up bonus. Our expert says he might lose his old card's points in the process	credit, card, rewards, sign-up
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1123-holiday-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-1123-holiday-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged as holidays near	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week as banks took their traditional Thanksgiving break from changing rates, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, apr, interest, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/christmas_clubs-option-for-holiday-savings-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/christmas_clubs-option-for-holiday-savings-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Christmas clubs: Save now to avoid card debt next holiday	These old-fashioned savings tools are still around at smaller banks and credit unions, and they can be a useful, fun part of an overall savings strategy	Christmas club, savings, holiday, gifts, withdrawal, disbursement, credit unions, community banks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-skip-humphrey-tackles-elder-financial-issues-cfpb-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-skip-humphrey-tackles-elder-financial-issues-cfpb-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: Skip Humphrey takes on role as financial watchdog for elderly	The eldest son of the former vice president sees credit card debt among the elderly as one of the issues he'll tackle in his new job with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau	Hubert H., Skip, Humphrey, CFPB, elderly, financial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/household-debt-credit-report-federal-reserve-new-york-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/household-debt-credit-report-federal-reserve-new-york-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers trimming debt in struggling economy, Fed says	With economic uncertainty lingering, U.S. consumers are continuing to pay down their debts, according to a report released Monday -- a trend many economists expect to last for years	credit, card, debt, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-add-infant-child-credit-card-authorized_user-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-add-infant-child-credit-card-authorized_user-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Too young for credit: Don't add an infant to credit card account	In an effort to build a strong credit file for their child, a parent wants to know if adding his newborn as an authorized user to his card is a good first step 	authorized, user, credit, history, infant, child
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-airlines-bankruptcy-aadvantage-rewards-frequent-flier-miles-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-airlines-bankruptcy-aadvantage-rewards-frequent-flier-miles-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankrupt American Airlines says your frequent flier miles are safe	In a move to retain its most loyal customers, American assures customers their AAdvantage rewards miles are 'yours and will remain yours' as the airline goes through Chapter 11 bankruptcy	flyer, flier, miles, rewards, american, bankrupt, aadvantage, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-business-credit-card-delinquencies-fall-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-business-credit-card-delinquencies-fall-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Business credit card delinquencies keep falling	Propelled by the recession, the delinquency rate for business credit cards skyrocketed in 2008 and 2009. However, a November 2011 report shows that things have changed	credit, card, business, delinquency, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-divorce-debt-community-property-states-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-divorce-debt-community-property-states-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Where you live impacts debt liability in divorce	Dividing up assets and debt in divorce is complicated enough, but even more so when you've lived in states with different property laws 	divorce, debt, community, property, assets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-joint-account-holder-responsible-for-credit-card-debt-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-joint-account-holder-responsible-for-credit-card-debt-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dad's bankruptcy may force daughter to pay joint card debt	A worried mom wants to know if her daughter will be stuck paying the debt on a credit card she held jointly with her dad. Unfortunately, our expert says, that's likely the case	credit, card, debt, joint, account, holder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-humbug-holiday-loan-bad-credit-bankruptcy-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-humbug-holiday-loan-bad-credit-bankruptcy-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Broke? Bad credit? Say humbug to lousy holiday loans	If you're recovering from hard times, don't succumb to the lousy loan choices you have available. Find frugal ways to enjoy the season	broke, bankruptcy, season, holiday, spending, borrowing, loan, credit, payday, secured card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-complaint-system-cfpb-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-complaint-system-cfpb-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial watchdog logs 5,000 credit card complaints, most resolved	In its first report about a new consumer complaint system, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau says it received more than 5,000 complaints about credit cards during the first three months of operation and the majority of them were resolved.	credit card, complaint, consumer financial protection bureau, raj date
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-113011-holding-pattern-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-113011-holding-pattern-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs remain in holding pattern	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anonymous-hackers-claim-robin-hood-steal-rich-credit-card-data-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/anonymous-hackers-claim-robin-hood-steal-rich-credit-card-data-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hackers claim their 'Robin Hood' card fraud will hurt rich, help poor	Two big hacking groups say they've teamed to steal credit card data to make charitable donations and support the '99 percent' popularized by the Occupy Wall Street movement	Anonymous, Team Poison, Poisanon, credit card, hackers, hacktivists, banks, bankers, 99 percent, rich poor, Operation Robin Hood, OpRobinHood
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-secrets-professional-pickpocket-bob-arno-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-secrets-professional-pickpocket-bob-arno-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Secrets of professional pickpocket Bob Arno	Time magazine called Bob Arno the world's foremost expert on pickpocketing. Arno shares some secrets on how best to protect your wallet this holiday season 	secrets, pickpocket, bob, arno, wallet, theft, protect
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-changing-airline-reward-credit-cards-miles-are-safe-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-changing-airline-reward-credit-cards-miles-are-safe-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Changing airline rewards credit cards shouldn't cost you your miles	Transferring the balance from one airline's credit card to another airline's card won't impact the miles that you've already earned	credit, card, reward, airline, miles, delta, american, express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/impatient-people-have-lower-credit_scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/impatient-people-have-lower-credit_scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Impatient people have lower credit scores	Patience isn't just a virtue, it's worth points on your credit score, says an upcoming research paper that found those who succumb to immediate gratification were likely to have lower scores	credit score, patient, impatient, creditworthy, study, research
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-choices-small-business-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-choices-small-business-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for managing your first business credit card	Our expert outlines common money mistakes new business owners make when starting a new business on credit 	business, credit, card, expenses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-foreign-transaction-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-foreign-transaction-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to save on debit card foreign transaction fees	We've researched what each major debit card issuer charges in foreign transaction fees -- and give you tips for avoiding them	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-western-union-prepaid-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mastercard-western-union-prepaid-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Western Union moves to global prepaid cards	In a joint effort with MasterCard, Western Union upgrades its cash transfer system globally -- allowing customers the ability to easily transfer funds	mastercard, western, union, prepaid, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virtual-disposable-one-time-credit_card-numbers-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/virtual-disposable-one-time-credit_card-numbers-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 things to know about virtual credit card numbers	Also called 'temporary' or 'disposable,' these one-time-use card numbers can help keep your 'real' card safe	virtual, disposable, temporary, credit card, numbers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-bad_credit-mortgage-alternatives-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-bad_credit-mortgage-alternatives-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad credit mortgage alternatives	You must start with the basics -- paying your bills on time -- but there are other alternatives for people with bad credit trying to buy a house	bad credit, mortgage, alternatives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-id-theft-reports-jump-2005-to-2010-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-id-theft-reports-jump-2005-to-2010-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: ID theft reports jump 33 percent in 5 years	Identity theft reports jumped by a third (33 percent) in five years, according to a report from the Bureau of Justice Statistics. Most of that growth comes from the misuse or attempted misuse of an existing credit card account.	credit, card, identity, theft, infographics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-5-easy-to-get-more-credit-card-reward-miles-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-5-easy-to-get-more-credit-card-reward-miles-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 easy ways to get more credit card rewards points or miles	Issuers offer countless ways for miles-hungry customers to get their fix. Here are some of the easiest methods for getting all the miles or points you desire	credit, card, miles, rewards, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-old-paid-off-accounts-on-credit-report-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/kim-mcgrigg-old-paid-off-accounts-on-credit-report-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old accounts in good standing won't hurt your credit score	Don't worry about removing old card accounts from your credit report, as long as the cards were in good standing when they were closed	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/continuity-billing-scams-cause-continuous-credit_card-pain-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/continuity-billing-scams-cause-continuous-credit_card-pain-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Continuity billing' scams cause continuous credit card pain	It's an increasingly common credit card scam: You agree to one small purchase and then get billed over and over	continuity, bogus, scam, credit card, small purchase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rack-up-credit-card-rewards-holiday-shopping-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rack-up-credit-card-rewards-holiday-shopping-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 wise ways to rack up rewards while holiday shopping	Does racking up rewards while shopping for gifts make you naughty or nice? It depends on how you manage your spending 	racking, up, credit, card, rewards, holiday, shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-wells-fargo-discover-120711-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-wells-fargo-discover-120711-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs dip for 1st time in a month	Interest rates on new credit card offers dipped slightly this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-consumer-credit-card-debt-grows-in-October-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-consumer-credit-card-debt-grows-in-October-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt grows in October	Consumer credit card balances edged higher in October, defying experts' expectations, according to new data from the Federal Reserve. 	consumer, credit, g19, federal, reserve, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_agreement-prototype-cfpd-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_agreement-prototype-cfpd-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial watchdog unveils prototype of simpler credit card contract	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is taking steps to make those confusing credit card agreements easier to read and understand. The agency released a prototype of a simpler agreement and is seeking public input on its design	credit card agreement, consumer financial protection bureau, readable, language, fine print
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-ex-husband-commits-financial-fraud-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-ex-husband-commits-financial-fraud-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to recover from financial infidelity	Giving one spouse full financial control can open the door to fraud -- and you won't know about it until the damage is done	financial, fraud, marriage, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stay_at_home-spouses-credit-card-representatives-letter-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stay_at_home-spouses-credit-card-representatives-letter-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Review asked of rule that hurts access to credit of stay-at-home moms	A rare, bipartisan congressional group has challenged the fairness of an 'independent income' test for those who apply for credit cards	income, moms, stay-at-home, fairness, federal reserve, rule, regulation, test
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-escape-high-interest-debt-balance-transfer-spouse-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-escape-high-interest-debt-balance-transfer-spouse-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pitfalls of escaping high APRs with a balance transfer	Trying to transfer a spouse's high-interest debt to your balance transfer card? Not all issuers will allow that to happen 	balance, transfer, debt, spouse, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/groupon-daily-deals-expiration-dates-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/groupon-daily-deals-expiration-dates-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't toss out that expired Groupon	Deals from Groupon and other daily deals sites aren’t so great when they expire before you can use them. Luckily, there’s some good news for procrastinators: Just because your Groupon expired doesn’t mean you lose all your money on it	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-teach-children-basic-financial-concepts-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-teach-children-basic-financial-concepts-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to teach your children basic financial concepts	If you teach your kids to 'sleep on' major money decisions and learn the power of compound interest, they'll have gained important lessons that will serve them a lifetime	children, financial, lessons, sleep on it, compound interest, net worth, income statement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dont-jeopardize-score-new-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dont-jeopardize-score-new-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't jeopardize great credit with new credit	When your credit score is already high, but not high enough, there are ways to boost it without applying for a new credit card 	credit, score, card, boost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-december-2011-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-december-2011-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal Reserve's rate-hike holiday continues	The Federal Reserve's three-year holiday from changing interest rates continued on Tuesday, meaning that most Americans won't have to worry about a sudden credit card rate hike putting a crimp in their shopping plans	federal, reserve, interest, rates, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-credit-mistakes-ruin-your-holidays-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-credit-mistakes-ruin-your-holidays-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 credit mistakes that can ruin your holidays	Credit cards can make holiday shopping a breeze. A few missteps, though, and that breeze can turn into a storm of financial headaches. Here are six credit slip-ups to avoid this holiday season	credit, mistakes, holiday
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-when-does-debt-become-uncollectible-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-when-does-debt-become-uncollectible-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When does a debt get too old to collect?	Hoping that your debt will get too old to be collectible is a risky proposition, not to mention a bit unethical 	statute, limitations, debt, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-network-authentication-fraud-prevention-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-network-authentication-fraud-prevention-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can your social network protect against fraud?	Social network authentication -- it's the latest tool banks and merchants will be using to verify that you are who you really are before they hand over the goods 	social, network, authentication, fraud, prevention
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-121411-chase-record-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-121411-chase-record-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs shoot to record high	Interest rates on new credit card offers surged to a record high this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, interest, rate, report, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-dont-pay-credit-card-bill-after-rate-hike-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-dont-pay-credit-card-bill-after-rate-hike-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Not paying your credit card bill after a rate hike won't help	New columnist Tanisha Warner answers a question from a reader who just had her credit card rate hiked. She's thinking about not paying the bill. Tanisha says: No	credit, card, apr, rate, hike, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-concierge-holiday-gift-shopping-help-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-concierge-holiday-gift-shopping-help-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card concierges offer last-minute holiday shopping help	If you’re panicking about how to finish your holiday shopping this year, help may be as close as your credit card concierge	credit, card, concierge, holiday, shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-credit-card-rewards-sports-junkie-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-credit-card-rewards-sports-junkie-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rewards options abound for sports junkies	From the NFL to the PGA, credit card companies offer rewards card to suit most every sports fan. Our expert lays out some of the best options	credit, card, rewards, sports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-will-bankruptcy-stop-wage-garnishment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-will-bankruptcy-stop-wage-garnishment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will bankruptcy stop wage garnishment?	Before you even think of filing bankruptcy, make sure you've explored all the wage garnishment exclusions that you may qualify for 	wage, garnishment, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-tips-military-families-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-tips-military-families-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 tips to help military families avoid financial rip-offs	Experts offer advice to troops on guarding their IDs, avoiding scams	military, consumers, bad credit, debt, soldiers, better business bureau, lackland air force base
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-122111-chase-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-122111-chase-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates dip as holiday shopping nears end	As the holiday shopping season nears an end, interest rates on new credit card offers fell from their record highs this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-122811-drop-second-week-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-122811-drop-second-week-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Interest rates drop for the 2nd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell for a second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/do-it-yourself-credit-card-crafts-pinterest-etsy-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/do-it-yourself-credit-card-crafts-pinterest-etsy-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	14 fun credit card crafts -- from high art to kitsch	If the exploding popularity of do-it-yourself craft blogs and sites such as Etsy and Pinterest is any indication, the world is DIY-crazed, furiously crafting objets d'art out of anything we can get our hands on -- and the credit card is no exception	credit, card, craft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/military_families-predatory_lending-help-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/military_families-predatory_lending-help-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Military families under fire at home -- from predatory lenders	They may be formidable fighters, but to predatory lenders, soldiers are seen as young, naive and easy pickings	military, predatory lending, payday loans, used cars, financial counseling, assistance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/iraq-troops-return-financial-challenges-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/iraq-troops-return-financial-challenges-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Troops coming home from Iraq to navigate financial land mines	Returning soldiers can face lower pay, the loss of legal protection and temptations all around them to spend	iraq war, troops, military, draw down, financial counselors, loans, money, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-marriage-fiance-debts-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-marriage-fiance-debts-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You're marrying your fiance's debts, too	If your future spouse has present debt, discuss it openly, keep your accounts separate and consider a long engagement to see if your intended can straighten up financially	spouse, engaged, fiance, finances, money, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-holiday-scams-season-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/beware-holiday-scams-season-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 holiday scams to watch out for this season	You may be filled with a joyous spirit, but don't let your guard down. This is the high season for scammers, too	holiday, scams, thieves, crooks, atm, skimmer, scammer 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-take-these-steps-after-identity-theft-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-take-these-steps-after-identity-theft-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take these steps when a minor's identity is stolen	If your identity was stolen when you were a minor, clearing your name won't be easy, but it can be done. Here's how	credit, card, identity, theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-mileage_run-frequent_fliers-elite-status-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-mileage_run-frequent_fliers-elite-status-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to maximize your 'mileage run' to elite flier status	Panicking because you're just short of getting elite status on your favorite airline? There are ways to get there without breaking the bank	credit, card, miles, frequent, flier, united
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-easy-step-build-us-credit-history-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-easy-step-build-us-credit-history-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	One easy step to build a U.S. credit history	A good salary and U.S. residency doesn't mean you'll be issued a credit card the first time you try. You have to start slow and be patient	credit, card, us, resident, new
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-low-cost-ways-financially-organized-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-low-cost-ways-financially-organized-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 low-cost ways to get financially organized	You don't need to spend a bundle to get your finanical house in order. These expert tips will help show you the way through the clutter	financially, organized, bank, clutter
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-married-living-apart-handling-finances-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-married-living-apart-handling-finances-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to handle money when married, but living apart	When a couple decides to live in different states, what is the best way for them to handle previously conjoined financial matters?	married, living, apart, money, finances, divorce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/annulment-divorce-debt-kardashian-humphries-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/annulment-divorce-debt-kardashian-humphries-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Annulment vs. divorce: How it impacts finances	The Kardashian-Humphries impending annulment raises the question of how assets and debts are handled in this atypical marriage dissolution agreement 	kim, kardasian, kris, humphries, annulment, marriage, divorce, assets, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-penalty_rates-higher-rarer-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-penalty_rates-higher-rarer-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com survey: Penalty rates creep higher, but become rarer	In the wake of the Credit CARD Act's restrictions, many card issuers no longer bother with penalty rates. But CreditCards.com research finds for those that retain them, the rate is even higher	penalty rates, credit card, higher, rarer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-to-pay-debt-that-is-in-collections-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-to-pay-debt-that-is-in-collections-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who do you pay when a debt goes into collection?	When an unpaid debt is charged off and sold to a collector, who do try to negotiate a settlement with: the original creditor or the collector?	credit, card, debt, lowes, collection, FDCPA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-appoints-richard_cordray-financial_watchdog-director-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obama-appoints-richard_cordray-financial_watchdog-director-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obama names watchdog agency head via recess appointment	President Obama appoints former Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The recess appointment thwarts -- for now -- efforts by Republican senators to block the nomination	consumer financial protection bureau, obama, richard cordray
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-010412-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-010412-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates steady as 2012 begins	Interest rates on new credit card offers were unchanged to start the new year, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-choosing-home-burglary-insurance-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-choosing-home-burglary-insurance-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Burglary worries? Choose the right home insurance policy	About one in 140 Americans suffers a home burglary. Here's how to take inventory and choose the right insurance to limit the damage	home, insurance, burglary
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-medical-bill-trouble-overall-financial-woes-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-medical-bill-trouble-overall-financial-woes-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Medical bill trouble often part of larger money woes	Have trouble paying your medical bills? Chances are that other aspects of your finances are suffering, too. That's according to a December 2011 survey from the Center For Studying Health System Change	credit, card, medical, debt, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-launches-nonbank-supervision-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-launches-nonbank-supervision-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer watchdog begins supervising 'nonbank' companies	A day after his appointment as the first director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Richard Cordray launches closer federal scrutiny of nonbank financial services companies, such as payday lenders, debt collectors and credit bureaus	consumer financial protection bureau, richard cordray, payday lender, mortgage servicer, debt collector, credit bureau, financial services providers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-joint-credit-card-account-holder-surprise-debt-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-joint-credit-card-account-holder-surprise-debt-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Joint account holder? You're likely stuck with that credit card debt	Deceived by her husband, a reader wants her name off a jointly-held credit card with $10,000 of debt on it. Our expert says she shouldn't get her hopes up	credit, card, debt, joint, account, holder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-phone-scams-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-credit-card-phone-scams-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't play around with card phone scams	When a telephone caller promises a lower credit card rate, but needs your card number for confirmation, hung up fast	credit, card, phone, scam
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-rewards-credit-card-biggest-mistake-wasting-miles-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-rewards-credit-card-biggest-mistake-wasting-miles-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rewards card holders' biggest mistake? Not using their miles	Sure, rewards programs can be complex and confusing. However, the biggest mistake rewards cardholders make is one that's amazingly simple	credit, card, rewards, miles, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-how-to-learn-about-personal-finance-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-how-to-learn-about-personal-finance-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	It's never too late to learn about personal finance	Whether you're 18 or 50, taking the initiative to find out how to manage your money -- and your debt -- can prove to be fiscally satisfying 	personal, finance, lessons
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-mom-has-to-pay-daughters-cosigned-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-mom-has-to-pay-daughters-cosigned-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom's on hook for daughter's card debt	A daughter uses bankruptcy to delete debt only to discover her mom is responsible for $24,000 on a credit card she co-signed more than 20 years ago	co-signer, credit, card, statute, limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-consumer-credit-card-debt-increases-november-2011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-consumer-credit-card-debt-increases-november-2011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer debt sees biggest jump in a decade	Consumer debt saw its biggest growth in a decade in November, according to new data from the Federal Reserve, as consumers headed into the holidays ready to spend	credit, card, debt, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfer-credit-cards-2012-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/balance-transfer-credit-cards-2012-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2012 survey of balance transfer cards shows offers getting better	CreditCards.com's annual survey of balance transfer cards show increasingly longer zero percent periods, but with higher balance transfer fees 	balance, transfer, credit, cards, 2012, creditcards.com, survey 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-credit_card-payments-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-credit_card-payments-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey of top credit card issuers' minimum payment policies	A survey of the minimum payment requirements of top credit card issuers shows they're keeping their low-payment, lengthy-debt policies	credit, card, minimum, payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/binding_arbitration-supreme_court-credit_card-ruling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/binding_arbitration-supreme_court-credit_card-ruling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Supreme Court backs credit card binding arbitration	The court's 8-1 ruling is a setback for consumer groups, who see arbitration as a contract clause that gives card issuers an unfair edge in disputes	binding, compulsory, arbitration, supreme court, ruling, 8-1
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-off-debt-study-smallest_balance-financially-wrong-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-off-debt-study-smallest_balance-financially-wrong-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt payoff debate: Pay smallest balance 1st? Or highest rate?	A study says "debt account aversion" drives us to pay off small debts first, even if paying the highest-interest debt is always smarter financially 	debt, account, aversion, study, credit card, smallest, biggest, highest, lowest, interest rate, smart, rational
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-collectors-violate-fair-debt_collection-practices-act-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-collectors-violate-fair-debt_collection-practices-act-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dealing with unethical debt collectors	If a collector threatens to throw you in jail over an unpaid debt, it's time to read him your rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act	collection, abuse, debt, jail, payday, lender, FDCPA,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-8-questions-buying-deccision-tree-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-8-questions-buying-deccision-tree-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 questions to ask to make sure of wise buying decisions	Ask these eight questions before you pull out your wallet and you'll be sure that you're buying the right thing at the right time at the right price	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-011112-first-premier-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-011112-first-premier-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Average APR drops following First Premier move	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, due to a sharp APR drop for the priciest card in our survey	credit, card, first, premier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-leslie-greenman-dating_our_money-author-qa-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-leslie-greenman-dating_our_money-author-qa-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: 'Dating Our Money' author Leslie Greenman links love, money	"Dating Our Money" author Leslie Greenman urges women to make more savvy choices in both personal finance and in love 	leslie, greenman, love, money, personal, finance, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-closing-credit-cards-fico-score-mortgage-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-closing-credit-cards-fico-score-mortgage-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Be wary of closing credit cards when applying for a mortgage	Considering closing some credit cards? Our expert says you better think twice about it if you're planning to get a mortgage loan soon	credit, card, debt, mortgage, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-elite-qualifying-miles-airline-deals1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-elite-qualifying-miles-airline-deals1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airlines offer better elite frequent flier deals	Airlines may have made it easier for people get miles without ever setting foot in an airport. However, those who earned the miles the old-fashioned way get special perks	credit card, elite, frequent flier, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-molly-katchpole-bank-of-america-verizon-fees-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-molly-katchpole-bank-of-america-verizon-fees-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Meet fee-fighting vigilante Molly Katchpole	If it weren't for Molly Katchpole, we might all be paying a fee for using our debit cards. She's the force behind the petition that helped kill Bank of America's debit card fee and, most recently, the Verizon payment fee	molly, katchpole, verizon, wireless, fees. debit, card, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-money-management-2012-new-years-resolutions-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-money-management-2012-new-years-resolutions-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: 1 in 5 say better money management is top 2012 goal	Handling money better is always one of the top New Year's resolutions, and 2012 is no different, according to a January 2012 poll from Chase	chase, survey, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-settled-accounts-credit-reports-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-settled-accounts-credit-reports-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How settled card accounts impact your credit report	Settling a delinquent account for less than you owe may be good for your wallet, but it's not so good for your credit reports and score	credit, score, settled, accounts, delinquent, payments, reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-marry-someone-big-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-marry-someone-big-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do you marry someone who has big debt?	He may be Prince Charming, but marrying someone who is carrying a lot of debt can put a serious crimp in your ability to plan for the future 	marriage, debt, decision, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/control-spending-with-help-from-year-end-credit-card-statement-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/control-spending-with-help-from-year-end-credit-card-statement-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rein in your spending with your annual credit card summary	In the next few weeks, many credit card holders will get a year-end report that can function like a treasure map in helping to find disappearing cash. With it, you can determine where you need financial fine-tuning -- and then you can take action	credit card, yearly statement, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-bad_credit-good-reliable-used_car-purchase-tips-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-bad_credit-good-reliable-used_car-purchase-tips-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for landing a good, reliable used car when you have bad credit	With bad credit and a car that's falling apart, a single mom with $3,000 saved up wants to know where to turn for a reliable used car	used, car, payments, reliable, auto, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-011812-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-011812-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates hold steady	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	credit, card, rate, report, interest, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-months-shape_up-improve-finances-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-months-shape_up-improve-finances-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to shape up your finances in 12 months	The 12 months in a fresh new year give you 12 opportunities to get your credit shaped up and your budgeting under control. Here, experts offer one seasonally relevant idea for each month of 2012 to do exactly that	credit, report, score, finances, resolution
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discharging-student-loan-in-bankruptcy-hardship-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discharging-student-loan-in-bankruptcy-hardship-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discharging student loan in bankruptcy requires major hardship	Want to declare bankruptcy and wash your hands of that troublesome student loan? Our expert says that it's not that easy	bankruptcy, student, loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-things-to-know-about-credit_card-receipts-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-things-to-know-about-credit_card-receipts-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 things you should know about your credit card receipt	They're those annoying scraps of paper that litter your purse or flutter from your wallet at inopportune moments, but receipts for credit card transactions are actually worth paying attention to	credit, card, receipts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-fraud-protection-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-card-fraud-protection-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debit card fraud can leave you in the lurch	While consumer protections exist, if your debit card's been hijacked, you can still end up on the hook for fraudulent purchases	debit, card, fraud, consumer, protection, liability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen_mccarthy-consider-before-getting-cash_back-card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen_mccarthy-consider-before-getting-cash_back-card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to consider before applying for a cash back credit card	One percent cash back for buying this, 5 percent back if you buy that  -- how do you figure out which of the many cash back cards out there is the one that's right for you?	credit, card, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-what-happens-sued-for-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-what-happens-sued-for-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What happens when you're sued for a credit card debt	If a court summons over an unpaid debt arrives, the worst thing you can do is ignore it because if you don't show up, they'll win by default  	credit card, debt, court, summons, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-delinquencies-credit_line-requests-increase-survey-prmia-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-delinquencies-credit_line-requests-increase-survey-prmia-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Bankers predict more credit cards, more delinquencies	The next six months will likely see more people becoming delinquent with their credit -- and seeking more credit at the same time, according to a January 2012 survey by the Professional Risk Managers' International Association	credit, card, debt, delinquencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-remove-ex-spouse-from-credit-card-divorce-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-remove-ex-spouse-from-credit-card-divorce-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Joint credit cards don't dissolve with divorce	Getting divorced? If you jointly share credit cards, be prepared to cancel those cards and dissipate the debt before things are finalized 	credit, card, joint, divorce, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-afford-stay_at_home_mom-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-afford-stay_at_home_mom-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can a new mom afford to stay at home?	A new mom who really wants to stay at home may be closer than she thinks to getting by on one income, if she includes the commuting and child care savings that come with not working	mom, stay at home, parent, budget, one income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-january-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-january-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed to leave interest rates unchanged until at least 2014	The Federal Reserve announced Wednesday it would leave interest rates at rock bottom for at least another three years. But it also made history, disclosing for the first time ever policymakers' forecasts of what interest rates may be down the line.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-012512-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-012512-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card APRs unchanged for 2nd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-refund-prepaid-cards-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-refund-prepaid-cards-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pros and cons of tax refund prepaid cards	Getting your IRS refund on a prepaid card -- offered by most big tax preparation firms -- has its benefits, especially for those without a bank account 	tax, prepaid, card, refund, IRS, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-will-wifes-bad-credit-hurt-husband-patience-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-will-wifes-bad-credit-hurt-husband-patience-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wife's bad credit doesn't have to ruin her husband's	After paying off delinquent card and school debt, a wife wants her credit score to rise -- but not at the risk of ruining her husband's good credit 	patient, time, credit, collections, improve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-budget-blowing-intternational-travel-mistakes-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-budget-blowing-intternational-travel-mistakes-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 budget-blowing international travel mistakes to avoid	With a little pretrip planning, you can prevent hundreds of unnecessary dollars from being added to the final cost of your trip abroad	budget, travel, mistakes, money, cost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-union-cross-collateralization-clause-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-union-cross-collateralization-clause-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Late on your credit card bill? Your auto could be seized	Credit unions are especially fond of a clause that lets an financial institution seize cars or deposits if loans at the same institution go bad	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-foreign-transaction-fees-disappearing-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-foreign-transaction-fees-disappearing-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More issuers offer credit cards with no foreign transaction fee	Competing for well-heeled travelers, several credit card issuers have reduced or even dropped foreign transaction fees 	credit, card, foreign, transaction, fees, reduce, cut, waive
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/the-end-of-refund-anticipation-loans-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/the-end-of-refund-anticipation-loans-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Refund anticipation loans coming to an end	After years of soaking consumers with high fees for tax refund anticipation loans, tax preparers are finally closing them down 	refund, anticipation, loans, end
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-cancel-rewards-cards-lose-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-cancel-rewards-cards-lose-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If you close a credit card, you often lose your points immediately	Closing a credit card? In most cases, you should you use up all your points or miles before you close the card. Otherwise, your hard-earned rewards will vanish before you can enjoy them	credit, card, rewards, chase, us bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-surprise-inheritance-just-filed-bankruptcy-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-surprise-inheritance-just-filed-bankruptcy-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can bankruptcy tap surprise inheritance?	Having filed for Chapter 13, a woman discovers a surprise inheritance and worries whether she has to turn over the funds to her trustee 	bankruptcy, chapter, 13, inheritance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q1-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q1-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Americans want more credit, but banks remain leery, Fed says	More Americans searched for credit in late 2011, according to the Federal Reserve, but most banks didn't make it any easier on them to get it -- whether they wanted a new card or just a bigger credit limit	credit, card, loan officer survey, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/three-money-lessons-from-the_bachelor-tv-show-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/three-money-lessons-from-the_bachelor-tv-show-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 money lessons from "The Bachelor"	Week after week, "The Bachelor" fans can take the lessons they learn in the fine art of romance and apply it to their personal finances  	the, bachelor, romance, money, credit, card, lessons,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/irs-taxable-income-credit-card-rewards-points-gift-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/irs-taxable-income-credit-card-rewards-points-gift-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reward point 'gifts' are taxable, says the IRS	As sign-up bonuses for bank accounts and rewards cards have become more generous, someone new took interest -- Uncle Sam. Those sign-up bonus points are taxable, he says	reward, points, taxable, income, gift, IRS
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-meg_keene-a_practical_wedding-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-meg_keene-a_practical_wedding-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with author Meg Keene, author of 'A Practical Wedding'	The prospect of a huge wedding bill sent author and blogger Meg Keene searching for a way to put on a fabulous wedding without busting the budget. Just in time for Valentine's Day, CreditCards.com hit Keene up for some straight talk about love and money	credit, cards, wedding
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-high-price-of-love-valentines-day-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-high-price-of-love-valentines-day-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: The high cost of love	When it comes to love, 2012 is going to be pricey and disappointing for many Americans. In a Valentine's Day-inspired survey, American Express looked at couples' spending habits and even their future plans for their relationships	credit, card, valentine's day
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dad-racks-up-charges-sons-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-dad-racks-up-charges-sons-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dad racks up card charges in son's name	A father fraudulently opened a credit card in his son's name and charged $5,000. Now he can't pay more than the minimum. What are his son's options?	credit, card, fraud, family, dad, son
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-020112-penfed-decline-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-020112-penfed-decline-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates hit lowest levels in 5 months	Interest rates on new credit card fell to their lowest levels since August 2011 this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	interest, rate, weekly, credit, card, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_cards-high-art-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_cards-high-art-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards and high art: Artists draw inspiration from plastic	Five innovative artists reveal the motivations and messages behind their work -- and how to properly mangle a card for artistic effect 	credit, card, art
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-home-bankruptcy-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-home-bankruptcy-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect your home if bankruptcy is coming	Whether you keep your home in bankruptcy depends on which type you file, and in which state, so seek legal advice	home, bankruptcy, chapter 7, 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-minimum-credit-card-payment-lawsuit-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-minimum-credit-card-payment-lawsuit-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Failing to pay the minimum can get you sued	It's a common question: Can credit card companies sue you if you pay, but don't pay enough. Unfortunately, if you have to ask, you probably won't like the answer	credit, card, payment, delinquency, lawsuit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-finding-best-credit_card-for-elite-frequent_fliers-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-finding-best-credit_card-for-elite-frequent_fliers-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want elite miles from your card? Be sure to shop around	Most credit cards won't help you get elite status with an airline, but there are some that do. Our expert helps a reader in search of the card that's best for him	credit, card, frequent, flier, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-consider-before-canceling-airline-rewards-card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-consider-before-canceling-airline-rewards-card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to consider before canceling your airline miles card	Before you cancel your airlines miles credit card in a frustrated huff, stop, take a deep breath, and consider the impact on your credit	credit, card, cancel, airline miles, frequent flier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-men-woman-who-handles-household-finances-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-men-woman-who-handles-household-finances-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Who handles the budget? Both men, women say they do	An American Express survey found the sexes largely in agreement that men handle most of the financial duties in the household. However, when it comes to handling the household budget, it appears both sides are taking credit	credit, card, budget, household, finances, money, men, women
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-carl-richards-napking-sketch-behavior-gap-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-carl-richards-napking-sketch-behavior-gap-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Carl Richards: personal finance on a napkin	"Behavior Gap" author Carl Richards may be more widely known as the man who illustrates personal finance concepts on paper napkins for the New York Times 	carl, richards, behavior, gap, napkin, sketches
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-eugene-profit-life-after-nfl-personal-finance-lessons-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-eugene-profit-life-after-nfl-personal-finance-lessons-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: Former Patriots cornerback Eugene Profit runs for the money	The Yale graduate and five-year veteran of the NFL talks about why so many young players fall to financial ruin and what he did to avoid falling into the same pattern 	eugene, profit, patriots, nfl, salaries, personal, finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-donate-unused-rewards-miles-points-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-donate-unused-rewards-miles-points-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to donate unused rewards miles, points	Are your miles about to expire? Don't rush out and spend them on something you don't need just to get rid of them.  Donate them to charity instead -- you get the same result, minus the useless merchandise cluttering your house	credit, card, rewards, miles, points, airline
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-collection-payment-liability-someone-elses-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-collection-payment-liability-someone-elses-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You can pay someone else's debt and not be liable for it	A daughter elects to help her dad with his collection payments, but he wonders if she will then be held responsible for the debt 	collection, agency, payments, liability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-122011-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-122011-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances keep rising, Fed says	Consumer credit card balances moved higher in December, as more Americans pulled out their cards for the holidays. But experts say that a return to holiday shopping may not be the only reason why consumers saw their balances swell	credit, card, debt, consumer, federal, reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-house-addition-budget-plan-do-it-yourself-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-house-addition-budget-plan-do-it-yourself-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Home addition? Budget, plan and know what you can do yourself	Adding a room or converting a garage can be done frugally by homeowners, but only after an honest assessment of their do-it-yourself skills	house, home, do it yourself, budget, plan, skills, build, professional
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-020812-wells-fargo-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-020812-wells-fargo-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates hold steady for 2nd week	The average interest rate on a new credit card offer remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, though issuers are still tweaking APRs	credit, card, interest, rate, report, wells, fargo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-miles-hotel-points-rewards-donation-chart-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-miles-hotel-points-rewards-donation-chart-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airline and hotel rewards donation chart	Most major hotel chains and airlines -- Southwest and JetBlue being two notable exceptions -- allow you to donate unused rewards points or miles. This chart provides links to donation information pages for more than a dozen different airlines or hotels	credit, card, airline, rewards, miles, donate, donation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-divorced-ex-racks-up-debt-joint-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-divorced-ex-racks-up-debt-joint-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ex racks up $40,000 on old joint credit card	After finally becoming debt-free, an ex-wife is dismayed to find her ex has racked up card debt on two old credit cards in her name 	divorce, debt, joint, credit, cards, ex-husband, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rates-mortgage-low-credit-cards-high-difference-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rates-mortgage-low-credit-cards-high-difference-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why mortgage rates are so low while credit card rates are so high	Mortgage rates are near all-time lows while credit card rates are near all-time highs, and the gap between the two is wider than ever. What gives?	mortgage, interest, rate, credit card, difference, gap
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-card-survey-2012-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-card-survey-2012-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash-back credit cards survey: More generous, but more complicated	A CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com survey finds that the days of low, flat rewards are ending, but consumers need to closely watch their more-complicated cards	cash, back, rewards, credit cards, survey, study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-cards-survey-2012-interactive-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-back-credit-cards-survey-2012-interactive-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Interactive: Top 50 cash-back credit cards	A CreditCards.com/Bankrate.com interactive chart of 50 cash-back credit card offers.	cash, back, credit, cards, interactive,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/life-insurance-as-cash-source-versus-credit-cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/life-insurance-as-cash-source-versus-credit-cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash emergency? Consider tapping life insurance policy instead	The next time you have a financial emergency, you might want to review the terms of your life insurance policy before whipping out your credit card. 	life, insurance, permanent, cash, emergency, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-best-credit-card-practices-new-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-best-credit-card-practices-new-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First credit card? Follow these best practices	Managing your first credit card the right way can set the stage for building up great credit. Used wrongly and you may spend years fixing your mistakes 	credit, card, new, best, practices
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plans-credit-scores-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plans-credit-scores-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do debt management plans hurt your credit score?	With $35,000 in debt, a couple decided to get help by entering into a debt management plan. But they worry how a DMP will impact their credit scores and future purchasing power 	debt, management, plan, DMP, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/1099_C-canceled_debt-income-amended-tax-return-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/1099_C-canceled_debt-income-amended-tax-return-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Advocate: Many who qualify fail to take canceled debt tax exemption	Frustrated by the complexity of the form and frustrated by debt, many people do not take advantage of their right to to cut taxes on forgiven debt	1099-C, forgiven, debt, canceled, taxes, IRS, amend, return
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/1099_C-canceled_debt-income-notices-confusing-tax_advocate-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/1099_C-canceled_debt-income-notices-confusing-tax_advocate-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceled debt tax notices riddled with problems, advocate says	The rules under which creditors report forgiven debts as income are so confusing and problem-prone that taxpayers are both burdened and frustrated	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-collection-reaffirm-statute-limitations-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-debt-collection-reaffirm-statute-limitations-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't restart the clock on expired debts	If a collector attempts to contact you on a debt that has passed the statute of limitations, don't ignore him, but also don't reaffirm the debt 	statute, limitations, time-barred, debt, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-follow-rules-claim-rebates-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-follow-rules-claim-rebates-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Follow the rules carefully to claim your rebate	Consumer forgetfulness plus difficult forms mean half of all rebates go unclaImed, but if you're diligent, you can be on the 'good' half.	rebate, claim, rules, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile-payment-acceptance-top-10-retailers-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile-payment-acceptance-top-10-retailers-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Mobile payments now widely accepted among retailers	Mobile payments are now as widely accepted as online payments among the nation's top 10 retailers, according to a survey released in February 2012 by First Annapolis Consulting.	mobile, payments, credit, cards, online, shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-021512-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-021512-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates remain in holding pattern	The average interest rate on a new credit card offer remained unchanged, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report, as credit card APRs' recent holding pattern continued	credit, cards, interest, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt_collector-credit_bureau-cfpb-proposed-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt_collector-credit_bureau-cfpb-proposed-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Watchdog agency proposes rules for debt collectors, credit bureaus	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Thursday announced the first-ever plans to oversee the nation's largest debt collectors and credit reporting bureaus	debt collector, credit bureau, credit reporting agency, consumer financial protection bureau, federal, regulation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-mom-bank-account-safe-wage_garnishment-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-mom-bank-account-safe-wage_garnishment-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are your mother's bank funds safe from your creditors?	A debt-ridden woman worries her creditors may come after funds in an account she holds jointly with her mom. The good news is that mom's retirement funds are probably safe	credit, card, retirement, bank, account, wage, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student_id-debit_cards-college-campus-controversy-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student_id-debit_cards-college-campus-controversy-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student ID/debit card combos bring high fees, controversy to colleges	Thought marketing plastic on campus was a thing of the past? Not so fast. Two years after the Credit CARD Act went into effect, banks are still on campus but are luring new customers with college ID cards that double as debit cards	college, student, debit, cards, bank, student ID cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-smart-banking-tips-for-college-students-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-smart-banking-tips-for-college-students-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 smart banking tips for college students 	The bank your college chooses may be more convenient. However, experts say you're better off thinking about what you really want from a banking service before you sign your name on the dotted line. These tips can help you decide	college, university, debit, card, back, student
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-how-to-maximize-value-of-rewards-card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-how-to-maximize-value-of-rewards-card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to maximize the value of your rewards card	Can't decide on which rewards card to get? The most important thing to do, our expert says, is make sure the card is a good match for your spending habits	credit, card, rewards, cash, back, airline, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-liable-employers-name-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-liable-employers-name-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Laid off, but still liable for ex-employer's credit card debt	An employee opened an AmEx business card in her name for her company, got laid off, and is now being held liable for the debt 	business, credit, card, debt, American, Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spring-clean-your-finances-6-steps-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spring-clean-your-finances-6-steps-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spring clean your finances in 6 steps	It's not just the rugs and windows that attention. Spring is also the perfect time to organize and refresh your finances. These six steps will help you get started	Spring, clean, finances, steps, organize, clutter
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-school-band-instruments-cost-new-vs-used-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-school-band-instruments-cost-new-vs-used-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying a first band instrument? To avoid the blues, shop used	A child's first band instrument can change a life -- or drain a wallet if you pay top dollar for what turns out to be an adolescent's momentary whim	band, flute, instrument, new, used
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-022212-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-022212-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates' holding pattern continues	The average interest rate on a new credit card offer remained unchanged at 14.91 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-loans-compare-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-loans-compare-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal loans on the rise, but are they right for you?	Priced as high as credit cards, but paid off over a fixed time like auto loans, this financial product is finding a growing audience	personal, loan, credit, card, rate, percent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-financial-fixes-fights-couples-avoid-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-financial-fixes-fights-couples-avoid-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 financial fights couples have -- and their 3 fixes	Lying about purchases, comparing incomes and determining what is a want versus a need top the list of couples' fixable money arguments 	money, fights, couples, marriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-can-unactivated-card-hurt-your-credit-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-can-unactivated-card-hurt-your-credit-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can a never-activated card still hurt your credit?	If you get buyer's remorse after applying for a new credit card, don't panic. Canceling the card before you activate may impact your credit, but not much and not for long	credit, card, activate, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-how-to-navigate-frequent_flier-blackout_dates-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-how-to-navigate-frequent_flier-blackout_dates-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to steer clear of frequent flier blackout dates	Blackout dates drive many frequent fliers mad, and they can vary between airlines. These tips will help you navigate around these restrictions and fly away	credit, card, airline, frequent, flier, miles, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-paying-taxes-with-credit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pros-cons-paying-taxes-with-credit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pros and cons of paying taxes with a credit card	A multitude of IRS tax payment options exist, including using plastic. Before you boost your balance to pay your taxes, know exactly what to watch out for 	irs, tax, payment, options, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards_card-airline-miles-points-taxable-1099-poll-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards_card-airline-miles-points-taxable-1099-poll-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: 2 out of 3 rewards card holders balk at taxing miles, points	A CreditCards.com poll shows consumers really hate the idea of having their rewards points taxed -- a possibility card and tax experts are starting to debate	rewards card, airline miles, citi, tax, irs, 1099, lawsuit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt_management_plan-tips-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt_management_plan-tips-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for finding the right debt management plan for you	Before you enter into a debt management plan, be sure to pick a credit counselor whose style and competence are a good match for you  	credit, counselor, debt, management, plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-report-q4-2011-consumer_credit_card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-report-q4-2011-consumer_credit_card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers hungry for new credit cards, N.Y. Fed says	Consumers are hungry for new credit and are running up more card debt, according to new data from the Federal Reserve. But they're still paying down other types of debt, such as home and auto loans 	federal, reserve, credit, card, debt, consumer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-consumer-complaint-list-identity_theft-credit-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-consumer-complaint-list-identity_theft-credit-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC: ID theft, debt collection top consumer complaint list in 2011	Credit cards and debt issues are tied in with many of the most-griped-about categories, but complaints about credit cards themselves fell in rank	FTC, Federal Trade Commission, credit, debt, identity theft, complaints, consumers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-022912-barclays-8-month-low-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-022912-barclays-8-month-low-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hit 8-month low	The average interest rate on a new credit card offers fell to its lowest level since June of 2011, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, apr, interest, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-how-fast-credit-score-comeback-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-how-fast-credit-score-comeback-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How fast can I make a credit score comeback?	Rebuilding good credit after running up bad debt requires time and patience, but every on-time payment helps the score-healing process	credit, cards, new, history, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-divide-conquer-budget-problems-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-divide-conquer-budget-problems-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	To fix budget problems, try the 'divide and conquer' technique	If you're overspending but don't know why, break your budget down into thinner slices until you identify the problem area 	gary foreman, budget, problem, divide, conquer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-save-money-without-feeling-pain-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-save-money-without-feeling-pain-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 ways to save money without feeling (much) pain	Unless your name is Trump or Kardashian, you're looking for ways to economize. These eight ways will trim costs without hacking away at your lifestyle	lifestyle, cut, costs, save
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit_card-banking-checking-complaints-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit_card-banking-checking-complaints-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial watchdog accepts debit card, checking complaints	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau launches a website and toll-free number for consumers to file complaints about banking-related financial services, including debit card and ATM problems	cfpb, banking, debit card, checking account, savings account, atm, complaints
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-remove-authorized_user-from-credit_card-account-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-remove-authorized_user-from-credit_card-account-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Removing an authorized user from a credit card	If you've made a mistake with your credit card and screwed up your own credit, authorized users on that card shouldn't have to take a credit hit, too -- assuming you take action	credit, card, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-gas-card-reward-comparison-chart-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-gas-card-reward-comparison-chart-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chart: Compare and find the best gasoline rewards card for you	Finding the most-rewarding gasoline credit card can limit the damage of rising gas prices -- and keep you from fuming	gas, gasoline, fuel, compare, comparison, chart
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/teaching-financial-literacy-credit-schools-falling-behind-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/teaching-financial-literacy-credit-schools-falling-behind-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Public schools get mixed grades on financial literacy	Efforts to get schools to teach financial literacy to children are stalling, and there is debate about whether such education even works	financial, literacy, education, courses, classes, schools, teaching, money, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-suing-authorized-user-unpaid-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-suing-authorized-user-unpaid-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you sue an authorized user?	Protect yourself from authorized users on your credit card charging up a storm on your card and then leaving you with a huge unpaid balance 	credit, card, authorized, user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-030612-increase-chase-best-buy-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-030612-increase-chase-best-buy-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Moves by Chase, Best Buy push card rates higher	Credit card interest rates jumped this week for the first time in nearly three months, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, chase, best, buy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-030712-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-030712-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances see 1st drop in 5 months	Consumer credit card balances tumbled in January, ending a four-month streak in which card balances steadily rose. But the modest drop in credit card debt was overwhelmed by a surge in student loan debt	consumer, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-rewards-credit_card-upgrades-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-rewards-credit_card-upgrades-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which rewards card is the best for travel upgrades?	Looking to pay for travel upgrades with rewards points? We'll lay out some of your best options	credit, card, reward, travel, upgrades
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-online-resources-parents-children-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-literacy-online-resources-parents-children-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial literacy online resources for parents, children	With a decreasing number of states requiring financial literacy courses, what's a parent to do to raise money-smart kids? These resources will help	parents, kids, online, resources, financial literacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/does-your-kid-need-financial-coach-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/does-your-kid-need-financial-coach-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does your kid need a financial coach?	Soccer coach? Sure. Algebra tutor? No problem. But what about hiring a money coach for your kid? A new breed of financial advisers and life coaches, billing themselves as financial coaches for kids and teens, thinks it's worth it	money, financial, coach, credit, kids
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prevent-id-theft-after-death-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-prevent-id-theft-after-death-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prevent ID theft after death	Identity thieves respect no one -- not even the recently deceased. In fact, a person's identity may be more susceptible to theft in the months following death than when they were living 	identity, theft, death, deceased
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-big-purchases-major-impact-credit_score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-big-purchases-major-impact-credit_score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Big purchases can impact your credit score	If you make a big purchase that eats up most of your credit limit, your credit can take a hit -- even if you pay it off fairly rapidly	credit, card, score, fico, limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-americans-more-confident-economy-men-women-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-americans-more-confident-economy-men-women-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans growing more confident about economy	After years of economic gloom and doom, nearly one in three Americans now believe that the U.S. economy is on the mend, according to a February 2012 report from Discover	credit, card, report, discover, confidence, economy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-things-that-wont-hurt-credit-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-things-that-wont-hurt-credit-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 surprising things that won't hurt your credit score	Losing your job, paying your taxes late or being locked up in prison won't hurt your credit score, as long as you keep paying on those bills 	credit, score, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-family-use-credit-card-without-permission-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-family-use-credit-card-without-permission-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when family members use your credit card without permission	When family members help themselves to your credit cards without your knowledge, you have every right to report that as a theft to the police 	credit, card, theft, fraud, family
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-bernanke-fed-funds-fomc-march-2012-interest-rates-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-bernanke-fed-funds-fomc-march-2012-interest-rates-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Economy brightens, but not enough for the Fed to raise rates	A good jobs report isn't enough to make the Fed's rate-setting committee veer from its low-rate course	fed, fomc, bernanke, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sending-money-abroad-remittances-options-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sending-money-abroad-remittances-options-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sending remittances: more options, more protection	Thanks to a new regulation taking effect in 2013, those who need to send remittances abroad will have more protections and more fee transparency	remittances, sending, money, abroad, western, union, xoom
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-stop-home-burglaries-cheaply-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-stop-home-burglaries-cheaply-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to stop home burglaries cheaply	A few common-sense -- and inexpensive -- precautions can make your home unpalatable to thieves and your property harder to pawn	home, burglaries, thieves, prevention
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-debt-time-bomb-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-debt-time-bomb-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student loan debt: the next time bomb?	Today's college graduates are hitting the job market with more debt and fewer prospects, setting up the prospect of another delinquency disaster 	student, loan, debt, credit, delinquency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-031412-barclays-higher-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-031412-barclays-higher-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Move by Barclays pushes card rates higher	Credit card interest rates jumped for the second week in a row, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, barclays
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-rebuilding-credit-scores-advice-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-rebuilding-credit-scores-advice-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rebuilding credit doesn't mean going back into debt	A couple trying to recover from financial disaster want to know the best way to go about building up their lackluster credit scores 	rebuilding, credit, scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-debit-card-replacement-costs-fee-survey1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-debit-card-replacement-costs-fee-survey1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lost your credit or debit card? Want it fast? Expect to pay	As banks look for new ways to make money, some have started charging to replace lost credit or debit cards. Want it in a hurry? It'll cost even more	credit, debit, card, replacement, lost, cost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-lois-greisman-ftc-bottom_dollar-scams.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-lois-greisman-ftc-bottom_dollar-scams.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with FTC's scam-spotting enforcer, Lois Greisman	Some of the scams she focuses on target those down on their luck, and the technique is no more high-tech than a knock on the door	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-who-owns-frequent_flier_miles-from-corporate_credit_card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-who-owns-frequent_flier_miles-from-corporate_credit_card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who owns frequent flier miles from a corporate credit card?	The company pays, and an employee flies, but who gets the miles for that flight? It turns out that neither party will end up empty-handed	credit, cards, frequent, flier, miles, rewards, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-times-when-its-ok-to-check-someones-credit-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/seven-times-when-its-ok-to-check-someones-credit-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 times when it's OK to check someone's credit report	Is it ever OK to pull someone else's credit file? It depends. If you suspect elderly or minor fraud or even infidelity, you can if you obey the rules 	credit, reports, fraud, minor, infidelity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-will-banks-lend-again-after-bankruptcy-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-will-banks-lend-again-after-bankruptcy-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After bankruptcy, will banks ever lend to you again?	A series of unfortunate events can suddenly lead to bankruptcy, but is the hit to your credit one that marks you for life? 	bankruptcy, banks, lending, credit, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wide-apr-ranges-make-hard-to-know-how-much-you-owe-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wide-apr-ranges-make-hard-to-know-how-much-you-owe-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rate offer 'ranges' make comparison shopping tough	Some card offers have such wide APR ranges it's impossible to tell which rate you'll get and whether it's a good deal until the card arrives 	credit, card, apr, range, interest, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-tips-teachers-no-imcome-summer-job-children-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-tips-teachers-no-imcome-summer-job-children-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for teachers with children facing a no-income summer	For those on tight budgets worried about a summer without pay, the choices are tough, but obvious: Cut expenses, boost income	summer, pay, income, expenses, job, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-032112-interest-rates-dip-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-032112-interest-rates-dip-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates dip slightly	Credit card interest rates dipped slightly this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-reduced-credit_card-payment-plan-policies-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-reduced-credit_card-payment-plan-policies-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reduced payment plans not offered by all credit card issuers	Need help getting your credit card payments reduced for a while? Be prepared to get different answers from your card issuers	credit, card, reduced, payment, plans, hardship
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/id-identity-theft-steal-tax-refunds-returns-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/id-identity-theft-steal-tax-refunds-returns-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tax ID theft skyrockets; thieves feasting on a refund bonanza 	Filing false tax returns with stolen Social Security numbers to obtain refunds is booming. If you're not wary, they'll end up with a refund debit card meant for you	taxes, id theft, identity, thieves, steal, social security, refund, debit, uncle sam, return
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-protecting-you-tax-return-id-theft-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-tips-protecting-you-tax-return-id-theft-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for protecting your tax return from identity thieves	Fraudulently filing a tax return to get a refund has become a popular crime. You may not be able to thwart a determined thief, but these tips will tilt the odds in your favor	tips, identity theft, fraud, tax, return, refund
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-when-authorized-users-go-wild-credit-card-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-when-authorized-users-go-wild-credit-card-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	 What you can do when authorized users go wild with your credit card	When an authorized user runs up debt or doesn't make payments, the card's primary holder can take a credit hit. But all is not lost	credit card, authorized, users
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-run-numbers-getting-credit_card-annual_fee-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-run-numbers-getting-credit_card-annual_fee-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want a rewards card with an annual fee? Run the numbers first	If you're wondering whether it's a good move to pay the annual fee with that new rewards credit card, a little bit of math can help clear things up	credit, card, rewards, travel, annual, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-fees-interest-charges-still-possible-on-closed-credit_card-account-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-fees-interest-charges-still-possible-on-closed-credit_card-account-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fees, interest charges still possible on closed credit card account	When an account's closed, you shouldn't have to pay any more fees on it, right? Not so fast	credit, card, fees, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-payment-survey-consumers-fear-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-payment-survey-consumers-fear-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Fear keeps consumers from making mobile payments	Despite the rise of mobile payment technology, a March 2012 Federal Reserve study says consumers remain skeptical about the safety of mobile payment transactions	mobile banking, mobile payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-easy-ways-to-go-green-finances-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-easy-ways-to-go-green-finances-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 easy ways to 'go green' with your finances	As Earth Day approaches, know that when it comes to saving the planet, it's possible to make an eco-friendly difference one transaction at a time 	earth day,april 22, finance, green, statements, paper
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loans-rehabilitation-default-cure-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loans-rehabilitation-default-cure-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to move student loans out of default	Hollywood is missing out on a blockbuster horror movie: Student loans gone bad. Getting defaulted student loans back on track can drive you mad  	student, loans, collections, rehabilitation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-t-harv-eker-talks-money-debt-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-t-harv-eker-talks-money-debt-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: T. Harv Eker talks money, debt and breaking bad habits	"Secrets of the Millionaire Mind" author shares how your personal money blueprint can either make or break your financial goals 	harv, ekker, personal, money, blueprint, credit, card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/collaborative-consumption-high-tech-ways-rent-your-stuff-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/collaborative-consumption-high-tech-ways-rent-your-stuff-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	High-tech ways to rent out your stuff	You're happy to let your best friend borrow your mountain bike. But would you be willing to loan it out to a total stranger if you could make some money off the arrangement?	credit, cards, rental, peer-to-peer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-privacy-do-not-track-credit-reporting-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-privacy-do-not-track-credit-reporting-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC privacy report backs more credit data access for consumers	In backing a 'Do Not Track' option online, the agency also says high-tech data mining companies must abide by the Fair Credit Reporting Act	FCRA, FTC, data, privacy, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-frugal-frustrated-with-spendthrifts-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-frugal-frustrated-with-spendthrifts-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	We the frugal are frustrated with you spendthrift braggarts	You did a staycation and eat bag lunches. Your co-worker came home bragging about the foreign jaunt she can't afford, and now whines about the bills	frugal, spendthrift
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-032812-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-032812-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain unchanged	Credit card interest rates held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-reasons-you-dont-want-win-lottery-money-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-reasons-you-dont-want-win-lottery-money-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 reasons you don't really want to win all that lottery money	While it's fun to daydream about it, winning a lottery fortune comes with risks, responsibilities and a flood of moochers, fakers and false friends	lottery, win, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-old-unpaid-debts-resurface-any-time-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-old-unpaid-debts-resurface-any-time-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old, unpaid debts can resurface at any time	You can change your name and move to another state, but old, unpaid debts have a sneaky way of finding you and ruining your credit 	credit, card, debt, old, unpaid, collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-points-miles-online-auctions-experiences-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-points-miles-online-auctions-experiences-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rewards points auctions offer once-in-a-lifetime experiences	Whether it's attending the Super Bowl or the Oscars, hanging out with celebrities, or enjoying an all-expenses-paid vacation at a luxury resort, you can probably find someone auctioning it off for reward points. Here's how they work	credit, card, rewards, points, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-lost-rewards-returned-purchases-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-lost-rewards-returned-purchases-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do you lose rewards on returned purchases?	You racked up a boatload of points on that new TV, but now you're having second thoughts? Be prepared for the bad news 	rewards, points, returns
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-auto_payments_priority-study-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/transunion-auto_payments_priority-study-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Auto loan payments now outrank mortgage, credit cards	Mortgage payments used to come first, then housing collapsed. Credit card bills took priority after that, but today, it's car payments that are paid first 	TransUnion, Payments, Study, Auto
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-first-credit-card-building-credit-tips-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-first-credit-card-building-credit-tips-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Build good credit with your first credit card	Sure, your first credit card probably came with a low credit limit, but use it wisely and progress slowly to build a strong credit history 	credit, card, first, history, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-best-small-business-credit-card-features-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-best-small-business-credit-card-features-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How business cards can impact your bottom line	Business credit cards nearly disappeared during the recession, but have come back -- but without the safeguards consumer cards offer	business, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt_settlement-upfront-fees-banned-law-firms-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt_settlement-upfront-fees-banned-law-firms-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	States, feds target debt settlement legal firms over upfront fees	When the Federal Trade Commission banned upfront fees for debt settlement firms, a funny thing happened: More law firms suddenly began offering debt settlement services -- and charging upfront fees	debt settlement, debt relief, law firm, federal trade commission
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-affordable-vacation-staycation-mortgage-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-affordable-vacation-staycation-mortgage-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Traditional vacation vs. keeping the mortgage paid up	He wants a traditional, long break from the job. She wants a mortgage that isn't past due. Something's got to give 	mortgage, vacation, frugal, staycation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-040412-interest-rates-decline-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-040412-interest-rates-decline-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates decline	Credit card interest rates dropped to their lowest level since February, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, balance transfer, pentagon federal credit union
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax_refund-survey-spending-electronics-saving-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax_refund-survey-spending-electronics-saving-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey details consumers' tax refund plans	A survey says most of us will dutifully save this year's refunds or pay off debts, but another big chunk of us will head to the mall to satisfy our cravings for electronics	Tax return, refund, shopping, saving, pay off debt, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phantom-toll-fees-rental-cars-toll-roads-credit-card-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phantom-toll-fees-rental-cars-toll-roads-credit-card-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Renting a car? Beware of phantom toll fee charges	When renting a car, be aware that if you hit a boothless toll road, mysterious and expensive charges might be added to your final bill	toll, roads, phantom, booths, rental, cars, credit, debit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-defaulted-car-lease-court-judgment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-defaulted-car-lease-court-judgment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Defaulted car lease can lead to wage garnishment	If you stop paying your car lease, expect to be sued for the balance, and if you don't pay up, wage garnishment might be next 	car, lease, wage, garnishment, lease, lemon, laws
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-survive-money-credit-hunger_games-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-survive-money-credit-hunger_games-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to survive the Money Hunger Games	Being a victor when it comes to money and credit management requires skill, maximizing your resources and playing to win 	hunger, games, money, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/survey-students-fail-credit-card-test-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/survey-students-fail-credit-card-test-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Students fail the credit card test	According to a multicampus survey of college business students, only a small fraction pay off their credit card debt each month or know their interest rate	campus, credit, card, student, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-frequent-flier-miles-transfer-or-purchase-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-frequent-flier-miles-transfer-or-purchase-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Transfer miles or buy outright to gift flights?	Want to present a special someone with the gift of free airfare? What a sweet idea -- but watch out for those fees! Find out the best ways to cash in your extra miles before you act 	frequent, flier, miles, gift
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-drops-040612-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-drops-040612-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances drop for the second month in a row	Consumer credit card balances fell for the second straight month in February. However, it's unclear whether consumers are still paying down holiday debt or are cutting back spending with credit	consumer, credit, card, g19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-apr-going-up-cancel-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-card-apr-going-up-cancel-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If an issuer increases your interest rate, do you cancel the credit card?	When a card issuer notifies you of a interest rate change, you have several options, including canceling the card. But is that the best choice?	credit, card, interest, rates, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-cancel-bad_credit-card-monthly-fee-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-cancel-bad_credit-card-monthly-fee-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After recovering from bad credit, ditch the bad credit credit card	Yes, you may take a small, temporary credit card hit, but getting rid of a card with a $14.50 monthly fee is probably worth it	credit card, ditch, help, bad credit, fee, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american_express-new_jersey-gift_card_law-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american_express-new_jersey-gift_card_law-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express, others yank gift cards from New Jersey	A fight has erupted in New Jersey over who should be able to hold onto unclaimed gift card money, and American Express and other companies say they're pulling their cards from distribution in the state as a result.	gift card, ZIP code, unclaimed money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-residual-credit-card-interest-payoff-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-residual-credit-card-interest-payoff-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Residual interest' makes credit card bills tough to pay off	You thought you paid off your card's entire balance, but then you're hit with not one, but two, bills saying you still owe. Why?	credit, card, residual, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-convenience-fees-cost-surcharges-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-convenience-fees-cost-surcharges-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Convenience fees: When is it OK to charge extra to use a credit card?	Paying with a credit card often yields rewards. But in certain situations those benefits come at a cost, not just through interest, but in the form of convenience fees	credit, card, debit, convenience, fees, surcharges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-diy-do_it_yourself-repair-call-professional-help-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-diy-do_it_yourself-repair-call-professional-help-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When to tackle a do-it-yourself home repair project, when to call a pro	You've got to know when to hold that wrench, know when to fold up that ladder and call in a pro. A little advance planning will help you from getting in too deep on home repair projects	diy, do it yourself, repairs, professional
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-041112-interest-rates-drop-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-041112-interest-rates-drop-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates drop for the second week	Credit card interest rates dropped for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, business card, chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-fed-survey-consumers-wary-mobile-payment-security-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-fed-survey-consumers-wary-mobile-payment-security-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Consumers wary of mobile payment security	Americans are embracing using cellphones to conduct financial business, says a March 2012 report from the Federal Reserve, but concerns about security hare holding back adoption	mobile, payment, adoption, infographic, fed, federal reserve, survey, security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-us-bankruptcy-filing-statistics-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-us-bankruptcy-filing-statistics-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	State by state bankruptcy statistics, 2005-2012	Bankruptcy filings for the third quarter of 2012 show the number of filers continuing to decline, after a long series of increases that followed the 2005 bankruptcy law reform	bankruptcy, filing, 50 states, Chapter, 7, 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-airport-lounge-access-frequent-flier-credit-cards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-airport-lounge-access-frequent-flier-credit-cards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is airport lounge access worth a new credit card?	A newbie business traveler questions the value of airport lounge access if she decides to apply for a new frequent flier credit card 	frequent, flier, airport, lounge, access, rewards, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-rewards-plain_vanilla-credit_cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-rewards-plain_vanilla-credit_cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More consumers ditch rewards, go with plain vanilla credit cards	Basic credit cards won’t help you rack up free flights, wads of cash or gift cards. But new research shows they’re back in a big way, and they’re especially popular with young, financially savvy consumers	rewards, credit, cards, basic, plain, vanilla, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-premier-credit_card-opening-account-fees-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-premier-credit_card-opening-account-fees-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds back down, OK credit card fee before you even get the card	Reversing position, the agency will allow application and administrative fees to be charged before accounts are opened and with no limit on the amount	first premier, lawsuit, consumer financial protection bureau, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-literacy-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-literacy-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial literacy survey shows consumers lack basic money skills	A new financial literacy survey reveals a "disturbing" lack of knowledge pertaining to personal finance among U.S. adults. 	financial literacy, survey, bills, savings, spending, credit scores, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-piggybacking-good-credit-adds-bad-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-piggybacking-good-credit-adds-bad-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Proper piggybacking: The good credit person adds an authorized user	Having the bad credit person add the good credit person as an authorized user won't help -- and could hurt	good credit, bad credit, authorized user, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-credit-report-myths-truth-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-credit-report-myths-truth-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The truth about 7 common credit report myths	Credit bureau experts detail the most common misconceptions consumers have about their credit reports and clarify them	credit, report, myths, truth
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica_sandberg-rules-using-first_credit_card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica_sandberg-rules-using-first_credit_card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First credit card rules of the road	Your first credit card can be an opportunity to build good credit or create a financial disaster. Follow these guidelines and avoid getting in over your head 	first, credit, card, use
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-fight-financial-cyberchondria-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-fight-financial-cyberchondria-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to combat 'financial cyberchondria'	Turns out reading tweets, Facebook status updates and Google+ posts can create a whole new kind of stress beyond 'is my former high school flame still single?'	financial, cyberchondria
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tennessee-surpasses-nevada-most-bankruptcies-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tennessee-surpasses-nevada-most-bankruptcies-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tennessee surpasses Nevada for most bankruptcies per capita	Bankruptcy filings continued their decline nationally in the first quarter of 2012, nowhere more sharply than the Silver State 	bankruptcy, filings, rank, Nevada, Tennessee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-elderly-parent-state-tax-garnish-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-elderly-parent-state-tax-garnish-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to take to relieve elderly mom of credit card debt	When fixed income seniors are faced with insurmountable credit card debt, what can family members do to help?	seniors, elderly, credit, card, debt, family
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bobby-keys-qa-money-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bobby-keys-qa-money-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&amp;A with legendary Rolling Stones sax man Bobby Keys	Until recently, the Texas-born saxophonist followed an established pattern with his money: 'When I get it, I spend it.'	bobby keys, rolling stones, mick jagger, buddy holly, keith richards, sax, saxophonist 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-041812-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-041812-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain unchanged	Average credit card interest rates held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, rate, report, apr 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-forgiveness-ratings-temkin-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-forgiveness-ratings-temkin-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Forgiveness ratings' finds credit card issuers unforgivable	If something goes wrong, Americans are willing to forgive their grocers and auto dealers. Their credit card issuers? Nah. The credit card industry is dead last in a new 'forgiveness' survey	forgive, forgiveness, temkin, survey, rank, industry, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-pump-dump-rewards-credit-cards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-pump-dump-rewards-credit-cards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pump and dump big rewards cards carefully	Applying for big bonus rewards cards, racking up points and then canceling the card requires a credit score and a lot of discipline  	pump, and, dump, rewards, credit, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-3-steps-frugal-cool-summer-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-3-steps-frugal-cool-summer-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 simple steps to having a frugally cool summer	You can do a lot yourself, cheaply, to reduce the hot air coming in and stop the cool air from going out	cool, frugal, summer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experts-say-smartphones-become-e_wallets-2020-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/experts-say-smartphones-become-e_wallets-2020-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Smartphones will become the new credit cards, experts say	Within a decade, says a new survey, smartphones will take over as Americans' favorite money-storing and spending devices. They will become our wallets. 	smartphones, credit cards, mobile payments, cash, security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mad-men-credit-credit-smoking-era-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mad-men-credit-credit-smoking-era-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Mad Men' money: Credit in the smoking era	Inspired by the hit TV series 'Mad Men' to revive the three-martini lunch? Some ways of life in the midcentury were definitely healthier than others, including how consumers managed money and credit	mad, men, money, credit, borrowing, saving
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-collector-12-year-old-debt-rights-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-collector-12-year-old-debt-rights-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If collectors call on a very old debt, know your rights and assert them	A collector calling on a 12-year-old debt needs to prove you really owe it, and be told it's too old to be legally collectible. Just don't ignore it	debt, collect, statute, limitations, rights
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-business-credit-card-flier-miles-taxable-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-business-credit-card-flier-miles-taxable-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are business card flier miles taxable?	When cashing in on miles acquired through business card use for personal travel, is there any risk of having to pay taxes on those miles?	frequent, flier, flyer, miles, rewards, personal, business, taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-advance-direct-deposit-loan-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bank-advance-direct-deposit-loan-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal regulators scrutinize banks' 'advance direct deposit' loans	Though banks tout them as superior to payday loans, their short-term lending alternative is drawing fire from consumer advocates and scrutiny from regulators	direct deposit, advance, loan, payday, consumers, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-get-mortgage-no_credit_history-buy-house-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-get-mortgage-no_credit_history-buy-house-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get a mortgage with no credit history	A 27-year-old with no credit history is going to have to jump through extra hoops to qualify for her first mortgage 	first, mortgage, insurance, down, payment, credit, history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-score-tips-new-us-citizens-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-credit-score-tips-new-us-citizens-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit score tips for new U.S. residents	New to the country? Be aware that there are multiple credit scores, and good credit practices can quickly build a great credit score 	credit, score, experian, transunion, equifax, vantagescore
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-gender-men-women-higher-credit_card-interest-rate-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-gender-men-women-higher-credit_card-interest-rate-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Women get stuck with higher credit card interest rates	Women not only are more likely to carry a balance, but they're less likely to comparison shop for credit cards, says a study	credit, card, women, men, gender
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-april-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-april-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed says no to raising interest rates	The Federal Reserve announced Wednesday that it would continue to leave today's record-low interest rates unchanged	federal reserve, fomc, interest rates, federal funds rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-invite-public-comments-arbitration-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-invite-public-comments-arbitration-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal watchdog gives consumers a chance to speak on arbitration	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is giving consumers and banking industry representatives a chance to speak their minds about the long-disputed matter of arbitration	CFPB, consumers, arbitration, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-042512-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-042512-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain unchanged for the second straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, 0 percent balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-issuers-least-forgivable-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-issuers-least-forgivable-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit card companies at bottom of pack in 'forgiveness'	American consumers find credit card issuers to be the least forgivable industry, according to an April 2012 survey 	infographic, credit card, forgivable, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inforgraphic-money-worries-after-college-job-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inforgraphic-money-worries-after-college-job-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: College graduates afraid of not finding job	Respondents to an online survey say that of their worries after college, they are most afraid of not finding a job	College, survey, jobs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-uncertain-job-avoid-debt-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-uncertain-job-avoid-debt-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If your job's uncertain, avoid new debt	Working in an uncertain industry can mean frequent job losses, so if you get a new job, reassess your prospects, start saving and avoid new debt	job, employment, unemployment, industry, layoff, credit card, debt, savings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secret-bank-credit_card-accounts-poll-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secret-bank-credit_card-accounts-poll-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: About 6 million in US hid bank accounts from spouse, partner	Call it financial infidelity: A CreditCards.com poll found that about 7 percent of people are hiding a credit card, checking or savings account from their partners	creditcards.com, poll, secret, credit card, savings account, spouse, partner
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-student-credit_card-loan-income-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-student-credit_card-loan-income-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Despite new law, credit cards finding their way to students	A 2009 law aimed at curtailing access of students under 21 to credit cards hasn't worked, a study says, as card issuers found ways around the restrictions	student, credit card, study, 21, Credit  CARD Act, law
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-post-bankruptcy-rebuidling-plan-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-post-bankruptcy-rebuidling-plan-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Create your post-bankruptcy credit rebuilding plan	From now on, on-time payments are a must, you'll likely need a secured card and make sure any lenders report to all the credit bureaus	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-financial-literacy-by-country-brazil-mexico-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-financial-literacy-by-country-brazil-mexico-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Brazil top nation for financial literacy, Visa survey finds	In an April 2012 international survey of 25,000 people, Visa ranks countries in order of financial literacy. Brazil topped the list, and the U.S. finished just out of the medal round	Financial literacy, survey, international
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/doctor-checking-credit_report-privacy.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/doctor-checking-credit_report-privacy.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is your doctor checking your credit report? 	A growing number of health care providers, including hospitals, surgeons, dentists' offices and fertility clinics, are checking patients' credit. And some consumer advocates are crying foul  	credit report, medical credit check, credit bureaus, credit card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-transactions-rise-12-percent-135-billion-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-transactions-rise-12-percent-135-billion-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Global card transactions up 12% to 135 billion in 2011 	Credit, debit and prepaid card transactions have been on the rise, according to findings published by an industry analyst 	credit cards, transactions, visa, MasterCard, statistics, debit, prepaid, Nilson
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/website-domains-seized-credit-card-fraud-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/website-domains-seized-credit-card-fraud-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government seizes websites selling stolen credit card info	The federal government slammed the virtual doors on 36 websites participating in illegal behavior in April. Their crime? Selling and distributing stolen credit card numbers.	credit card fraud, fraud, AVC, domains
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/americans-want-more-credit-banks-ease-restrictions-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/americans-want-more-credit-banks-ease-restrictions-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Americans want more credit, banks slowly ease credit restrictions	The Fed's quarterly survey of senior loan officers finds bankers slightly easing credit standards for credit cards and other loans. More Americans are searching for credit, too	federal reserve, interest rates, credit restrictions, credit card, credit cards, credit limits, consumer credit, senior loan officers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elan-awards-icma-card-design-innovations-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elan-awards-icma-card-design-innovations-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Award-winning card designs show plastic's flashy side	These winners of the Elan Award -- a prize given to the year's most innovative card designs -- sparkle, shine and don't deserve to be hidden in a wallet 	elan, design, awards, credit, debit, gift, cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica_sandberg-qualifying-good-credit_card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica_sandberg-qualifying-good-credit_card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know where you stand before you apply for new credit	To know what kind of credit card you can qualify for, you first need to know your credit score and pull your credit reports 	credit, report, card, score, apply
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-husband-secret-25000-credit_card_debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally_herigstad-husband-secret-25000-credit_card_debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dealing with a spouse's secret credit card debt	When one spouse repeatedly lies about credit card debt and keeps it a secret, what's the other spouse to do?	credit, card, debt, secret, spouse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-trading-reward-points-for-merchandise-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-trading-reward-points-for-merchandise-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying merchandise with points: A good deal?	Keeping up with rotating rewards points programs takes time and energy, so is buying stuff with your points instead a better option? 	credit, card, rewards, points, merchandise, programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/child-identity-theft-on-the-rise.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/child-identity-theft-on-the-rise.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Child identity theft rising quickly, report says	According to an identity protection company based in Austin, child identity theft is on the rise and moving fast. Very fast. 	child, kid, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-050212-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-050212-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Credit card rates remain unchanged for 3rd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady for the third straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-charles-duhigg-power-of-habit-finances-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-charles-duhigg-power-of-habit-finances-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&amp;A with Charles Duhigg: diagnosing, restructing bad money habits	'The Power of Habit' author Charles Duhigg discovered surprising keys to permanently changing his life by diagnosing and reconstructing his habits 	bad, habits, charles, duhigg
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-reasons-avoid-payday-loans-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-reasons-avoid-payday-loans-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 reasons to avoid payday loans	With all the bad press payday loans get, you'd think people would steer clear of them. But the lure of fast cash keeps them coming 	payday, loan, stores, debt, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-high-credit-score-debt-card-balances-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-high-credit-score-debt-card-balances-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping credit score high when you carry big card balances	Even if your credit score is high, issuers may still reject you for a new card if your card balances are near their limit 	credit, card, balance, minimum, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-hotel-rewards-credit-card-rural-towns-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-hotel-rewards-credit-card-rural-towns-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get rewards for rural hotel stays	If your job takes you to small-town America, you can still find a rewards credit card that gives you big points for frequent motel stays	credit, card, rewards, rural, travel, small town
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-prepaid-card-fees-survey-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-prepaid-card-fees-survey-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Costs of prepaid cards vary widely	As more consumers turn to prepaid cards for budgeting and flexibility, our 2012 survey reveals that fees for these cards  vary greatly 	prepaid, cards, 2012, survey, CreditCards.com
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/survey-says-consumers-using-less-cash-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/survey-says-consumers-using-less-cash-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Americans are using less cash than 10 years ago, survey says	With Mother's Day upon us, how will consumers pay for that bouquet of flowers for mom? The results of a recent survey say Americans will ditch the cash and make purchases electronically.	survey, mastercard, cash, consumers, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-0507-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-0507-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances shoot up	Consumers' card balances surged in March, breaking a two-month streak of declines and helping boost overall consumer credit card balances by 10.2 percent -- the single biggest increase in more than a decade	consumer, credit, card, g19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-when-to-get-second-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-when-to-get-second-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When it's OK to get a second credit card	You've been faithful to paying on time with your first credit card, but the limit is low. How do you know when it's a good time to get a second credit card?	credit, card, second
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-040912-interest-rates-stay-put-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-040912-interest-rates-stay-put-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay put for the 4th straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed put for the fourth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, annual fee, balance transfer, promotional apr, 0 percent APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-shifts-fico-credit-scores-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-shifts-fico-credit-scores-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Post-recession shifts in credit scores	Americans' post-recession credit scores have shifted, says FICO, with fewer people clustered at the ends of the scale and more people in the middle	infographic, post-recession, fico, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-decide-whether-to-pay-down-debt-or-save-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-how-to-decide-whether-to-pay-down-debt-or-save-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying down debt vs. saving: how to decide	To get the most out of any extra money, compare how much you could pull in by saving it against how much interest you're paying out on your loans	compare, debt, save, pay, interest, APR, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-using-sick-fathers-credit-card-medical-expenses-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-using-sick-fathers-credit-card-medical-expenses-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you use dad's credit card when he's ill?	An adult child is taking care of her dying father and wonders about the legality of using his plastic to pay for bills and medical expenses 	credit, card, bills, medical, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailer-data-tracking-privacy-credit-debit-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailer-data-tracking-privacy-credit-debit-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The latest privacy invasion: retailer tracking	Credit and debit card purchases leave a surprisingly detailed purchase trail. What can you do to protect your privacy?	credit, debit, card, retailer, tracking, privacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-calling-cards-trap-fcc-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-calling-cards-trap-fcc-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FCC: Prepaid calling cards remain 'a trap'	PINs that don't work, murky fees, short fuse expiration dates and higher-than-advertised rates are among the prepaid calling cards' continuing flaws, says the federal agency	prepaid, calling, cards, fcc, phone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-calling_cards-consumer-tips-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-calling_cards-consumer-tips-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips to avoid problems with prepaid calling cards	The Federal Communication Commission and Consumer Reports offer tips to prepaid calling card purchasers before they buy, plus where to turn if something goes wrong	prepaid, calling, card, consumer, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-establishing-credit-history-first-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-establishing-credit-history-first-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2 ways to start building a credit history	You want your first credit card, but no bank will give you one without an established credit history. How do you go about proving you're a good credit risk? 	first, credit, card, history, authorized, user, co-signer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-young-debtor-learn-basics-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-young-debtor-learn-basics-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Young debtor, learn the basics before it's too late	At age 25, a reader with a $5,000 debt in collections is young enough to overcome the problem and establish a lifetime of good money habits	young, debt, collections, credit, counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-protection_plans-investigated-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-protection_plans-investigated-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card protection plans draw state lawsuits, federal scrutiny	Consumer advocates have long warned against credit card protection plans for their high cost, low payouts and big exclusions. Now regulators are joining in	credit card, protection, plan, pay, unemployed, minimum
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-questions-before-buying-credit_card-payment_protection-plan-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-questions-before-buying-credit_card-payment_protection-plan-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 questions to ask before buying credit card payment protection	To see whether you're a fit for a credit card payment protection plan, ask yourself these seven questions	credit card, payment protection plan, questions, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cruise-ship-travel-rewards-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cruise-ship-travel-rewards-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card rewards can trim the sales price of cruising	Sure, you want to cruise to distant shores, but you don't want every dime pirated away. Special rewards cards and programs can smooth out the financial seas	cruise, cruising, credit card, rewards, co-brand
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-phil-collins-genesis-money-finances-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-phil-collins-genesis-money-finances-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&amp;A with Phil Collins	The retiring drummer reveals an additional facet of himself with his new book about the Alamo	phil collins, genesis, alamo, sussudio
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-051612-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-051612-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay flat a 5th week	Credit card interest rates remained unchanged for the fifth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, annual fee, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary_foreman-pricing-garage-sale-items-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary_foreman-pricing-garage-sale-items-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to price garage sale items	Pricing garage sale items isn't an exact science. But if you consult pricing guidelines, know your market and group like  items together, you'll do well	garage sale, price, items, gary foreman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/passbook_savings-secured-loan-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/passbook_savings-secured-loan-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Passbook savings loans are secured by savings, CD balances	Credit unions and some banks across the country offer a tool to help build credit: 'passbook savings loans' secured by your own savings	passbook savings loan, secured loan, collateral loan, credit union, bank, wells fargo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-husband-opens-credit-cards-wifes-name-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-husband-opens-credit-cards-wifes-name-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fight back against husband who opens credit cards in wife's name	He signed her name to credit card applications and had the bills sent to a secret address; now he needs to surrender control of the accounts -- or else!	husband, wife, secret, credit card, accounts, control, divorce, joint, responsible, minimum payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-balance-transfer-joint-account-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-balance-transfer-joint-account-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should one spouse take on full debt load?	A married couple with joint card debt wants to transfer the balance to a lower rate card. Should the better credit score spouse take on the burden alone?	joint, credit, card, account, holder, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-getting-smarter-about-credit_scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-getting-smarter-about-credit_scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Consumers are getting smarter about credit scores	Baffled by your credit scores? You're not alone. The majority of consumers still get confused by what actually goes into a credit score, according to a survey. However, the number of people who are completely in the dark is on the decline	credit score, credit report, consumer federation of america, vantage score, fico
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-is-a-daily-money-manager-debt-financial-help-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-is-a-daily-money-manager-debt-financial-help-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it time to hire a daily money manager?	Overweight? Hire a personal trainer. Dirty house? Get a cleaning service. But to whom do you turn to get a grip on overspending and debt? A daily money manager	daily, money, manager, overspending, debt, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-trends-shaping-rewards-credit-cards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-trends-shaping-rewards-credit-cards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 trends shaping today's rewards credit cards	No doubt that there are lots of good deals on rewards cards out there, but resign yourself: Maximizing your payoff will take some work	rewards, credit cards, compare, bonus, sign up , loyalty, redeem
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-cash_back-credit_cards-easy-simple-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-cash_back-credit_cards-easy-simple-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keep things simple with a cash back credit card	Want an uncomplicated, easy-to-use rewards card? Instead of killing yourself keeping track of rotating rewards programs, try a simple cash-back card 	cash, back, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-lose-debt-get-credit-fit-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-lose-debt-get-credit-fit-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to lose debt, get credit fit	Just as you prepare for bathing suit season, losing debt and getting your finances in shape requires steely resolve and firm goals 	credit, card, debt, fitness, steps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_act-three-year-anniversary-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_act-three-year-anniversary-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Winners and losers 3 years after Credit CARD Act	Three years after President Obama signed the Credit CARD Act of 2009, consumers are better off, there are fewer complaints and huge interest rate hikes haven't come to pass	credit card act, banks, interest rates, president obama, credit card reform
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-holly-mcall-cfpb-stay-at-home-parents-credit-access-petition-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-holly-mcall-cfpb-stay-at-home-parents-credit-access-petition-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Holly McCall, champion of the stay-at-home parent	Turned down for a Target card because issuers cannot consider household income anymore, McCall got so mad she's campaigning for change 	Credit, CARD, Act, stay-at-home, parents, Holly, McCall
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-rewards-for-traveling-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-rewards-for-traveling-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers traveling this summer plan to use rewards, survey says	Summer is the time to get away for a little while, and according to a survey, consumers are cashing in on those credit card rewards to do so	summer vacation, rewards, points, airfare, Capital One
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turning-credit-card-rewards-points-miles-into-cash-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turning-credit-card-rewards-points-miles-into-cash-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Turning miles directly into cash gains favor	After years of talking about it, the credit card loyalty program industry is poised to launch several programs where rewards points can be converted into cash 	credit, card, rewards, points, cash, freddie, awards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid_card-protections-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid_card-protections-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal financial watchdog seeks prepaid card protections	The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is seeking public comments on beefing up consumer protections in the prepaid card industry	prepaid card, reloadable, consumer financial protection bureau, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plans-credit-card-rejection-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-debt-management-plans-credit-card-rejection-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why getting debt help may hurt access to new credit	The reasons that led you into a debt management plan may be the same reasons why credit card issuers keep turning your down for new credit 	debt, management, plans, new, credit, denial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-052312-interest-rates-rise-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-052312-interest-rates-rise-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates nose upward	After five straight weeks of no movement, credit card interest rates ticked upward to 14.93 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rate, report, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-divorce-spouse-financial-skeletons-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-divorce-spouse-financial-skeletons-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: After 'I do,' financial skeletons emerge from the closet	Now you tell me: Nearly half of divorced or separated adults participating in a survey said they found financial skeletons in the closet of their spouse, but not until after marriage.	financial, survey, spouse, skeletons in the closet
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-third-party-sites-trade-credit-card-rewards.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-third-party-sites-trade-credit-card-rewards.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Trading in unused credit card rewards	Scout around before you cancel a rewards credit card that doesn't suit you now. Your deal may get sweeter and third-party websites offer another option	credit, card, points, rewards, unused, cash, back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-canceling-card-debt-credit-ratio-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-canceling-card-debt-credit-ratio-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect credit scores when canceling a credit card	You'll ding your credit score by canceling a card, especially your oldest, but you can minimize it by boosting the limits on other cards	credit, score, canceling, credit, card, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-dealing-with-college-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-dealing-with-college-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for dealing with college debt	Now that you have your degree, put those smarts to use to figure out how to get out from under your huge student loan debt	college, debt, repayment, guide
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-interview-actor-steve-guttenberg-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-interview-actor-steve-guttenberg-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with actor Steve Guttenberg	Steve Guttenberg has starred in such blockbuster movies as "Three Men and a Baby," "Cocoon" and "The Boys from Brazil," but his greatest performance came as a teenager when he conned his way into Hollywood	talks about memoir, "The Guttenberg Bible" 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-mortgage-boost-credit-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha_warner-mortgage-boost-credit-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to boost credit score when a mortgage is the goal	Getting a mortgage? Check your credit reports, pay down balances, consider closing cards and sit down with a lender for a review	credit score, review, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-political-donations-caution-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-political-donations-caution-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use caution when making political donations with credit cards	It’s easier than ever to give to a candidate or cause by credit card, but be wary: Candidates aren't always security savvy, and crooks abound who aren't honest as Abe	credit, card, political, donations, security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-cosign-loan-during-bankruptcy-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-cosign-loan-during-bankruptcy-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't co-sign a loan while in Chapter 13 bankruptcy	If you filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy, the last thing you should consider is co-signing a car loan for anyone, including your partner 	bankruptcy, chapter 13, loan, co-sign
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-statements-personal-information-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-privacy-statements-personal-information-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card privacy statements can hush your bank's mouth	This one's not junk mail, so open and act on your annual credit card privacy statement. With it, you can (partially) control how your personal information is shared 	credit, card, privacy, statements, marketing, junk
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-053012-interest-rates-hold-steady-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-053012-interest-rates-hold-steady-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold steady	Credit card interest rates remained flat this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, business, balance transfer, Discover, U.S. Bank, Chase
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-secrets-joint-credit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-secrets-joint-credit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 secrets about joint credit	While occasionally useful, joint accounts have many unseen downsides you should know about before signing up	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protecting-funds-from-garnishment-when-disabled-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-protecting-funds-from-garnishment-when-disabled-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protect funds from garnishment when disabled	Being sued for uncollectable credit card debt when you are disabled seems cruel, but you still need to take the steps to defend yourself 	credit, card, debt, disabled, garnish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-report-q1-2012-consumer_credit-card-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-report-q1-2012-consumer_credit-card-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers are cooling on credit, N.Y. Fed Report says	Fewer consumers applied for credit in the first quarter of 2012, according to new data from the Federal Reserve, while many remained shy about piling on debt	credit card, consumer debt, credit card debt, credit card limits, credit account inquiries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-hurricane-money-tips-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-hurricane-money-tips-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hurry! Rescue your credit card: Hurricane money tips	Money experts also remind people in hurricane-prone zones to take a few minutes to prepare their fiscal assets, too	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-complaint-database-public-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-complaint-database-public-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should credit card complaints be hush-hush or open to all?	The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is considering plans to make credit card complaints available for public scrutiny. Banks want to limit access because complaints are a skewed picture of how they operate. Consumer groups want open access.	consumer financial protection bureau, cfpb, credit card, complaint
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-old-debt-new-collection-legal-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-old-debt-new-collection-legal-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old, old debt brings new collection effort: Legal?	Federal, state laws limit collectors in chasing you over a car loan debt more than a decade old	debt, car, lease, payment, late, collections, sol, statute, limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bonuses-playing-hard-to-get-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bonuses-playing-hard-to-get-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card bonuses playing hard to get	Credit card sign-up gift bonuses, once dangled freely, are becoming harder to qualify for as issuers set up hurdles designed to discourage hit-and-run customers	credit, card, bonus, signup, sign, up, offers, qualify, points, cardholders, incentives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-getting-debt-free-means-stashing-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-getting-debt-free-means-stashing-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting debt free means stashing the plastic	Sure, there are all kinds of credit products out there, but if you're trying to whittle down debt, the best option is to live a plastic-free life for a while 	credit, cards, secured, unsecured, debt, cash
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-paid-mortgage-get-bigger-house-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-paid-mortgage-get-bigger-house-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mortgage paid off? Weigh your windfall choices carefully	With a last mortgage payment made, he wants to get a bigger house, she wants to consider other possibilities	gary foreman, paying, mortgage, house, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-power-attorney-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-power-attorney-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't be liable for debt when serving as power of attorney	Her brother stole her elderly mom's credit cards, so she now has power of attorney and canceled the cards. But will doing so damage her credit in any way?	power, of, attorney, credit, card, debt, elderly, abuse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-data-breach-victims-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-data-breach-victims-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit card numbers still top thieves' wish lists	When it comes to data breaches, credit card numbers remain the No. 1 stolen item, according to Javelin Strategy & Research's 2012 Identity Fraud Report	credit card, thieves, data breach, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-060612-interest-rates-down-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-060612-interest-rates-down-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates down slightly	Credit card interest rates dipped slightly this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, business card, rewards card, chase, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-credit-card-frequent-flier-upgrades-first-class-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-credit-card-frequent-flier-upgrades-first-class-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wide body traveler seeks credit card for first-class seats	A horizontally blessed traveler wonders which frequent flier credit card would give him the best deal on upgrading to the larger, first-class seats 	credit, card, frequent, flier, first-class, seats
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-fall-06072012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-fall-06072012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card debt dipped in April 	Consumer credit card balances resumed a downward fall in April after rising sharply the previous month, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	consumer credit, g19, consumer debt, revolving debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-balance-transfer-single-card-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-balance-transfer-single-card-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it OK to transfer debt to a credit card that already has a balance?	Consolidating debt to one card might make sense if the rate is low, but watch for fees and putting too much debt on a single card	consolidate, debt, transfer, balance, minimum, payment, fee, budget, plan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-education-progam-military-families-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-education-progam-military-families-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financial education program for military families launched	Citi and a  leading nonprofit credit counseling and education agency team up with veterans' service organizations to help solve financial issues for military families	military, financial literacy, financial education, counseling, service, veterans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-fed-consumer-finances-survey-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-debt-fed-consumer-finances-survey-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed survey: Recession shrank card debt, crushed household wealth	Card debt dropped after the recession, according a Federal Reserve survey of consumer finances, but net wealth plummeted	Federal, Reserve, triennial, consumer, credit, debt, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/native-american-payday-loans-investigated-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/native-american-payday-loans-investigated-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal officials challenge tribal-based payday lending 	Native American tribes have long had rights of sovereign immunity -- but are those rights being abused in the case of payday loans and extreme interest rates?	payday, loans, lending, native american, FTC, sovereign immunity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-steps-for-applying-for-first-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-steps-for-applying-for-first-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to getting that first credit card	Without a solid credit history of making payments on time, qualifying for a low-interest credit card will be hard. First, you have to take baby steps  	first, credit, card, steps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-buying-a-home-fixing-credit-report-errors-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-buying-a-home-fixing-credit-report-errors-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to fix surprise credit report errors	You're ready to buy a home, pull your credit reports and find mysterious negative items on them, hurting your chances for the best interest rates. What do you do?	credit, report, errors, rescoring, fix
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-travelers-guide-emv-chip-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-travelers-guide-emv-chip-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American travelers' 2012 guide to chip-and-PIN cards	Traveling overseas may bring about a hassle to you and your wallet -- that is, if you don't have an EMV smart card instead of the traditional magnetic stripe credit card	EMV, smart cards, chip-and-PIN, travel, banking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-traits-signal-lower-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-traits-signal-lower-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 traits that go along with a lower credit score	Paying your bills on time may help you achieve a high credit score, but studies say there are unexpected traits that correlate to your score as well	credit scores, low credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-smart-money-moves-before-marriage-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-smart-money-moves-before-marriage-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 smart money moves to make before you marry	Getting married is exciting -- but with money as the source of so much marital discord, consider these 7 smart money moves before you say 'I do'	money, marriage, finances 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-recession-shrinks-card-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-recession-shrinks-card-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans shed credit cards and debt post-recession	American families are ditching their credit cards -- and their debt -- since the recession, according to a Fed survey. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wamu-chase-qa-kirsten-grind-lost-bank-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wamu-chase-qa-kirsten-grind-lost-bank-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How WaMu became largest bank failure in US history	'The Lost Bank' author Kirsten Grind watched Washington Mutual, go from regional bank famed for friendliness to spectacular failure	wamu, washington mutual, chase, jp morgan, takeover, fdic, mortgage, credit card, collapse, failure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-061312-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-061312-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates don't budge	Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, credit card mailings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-mail-offers-plunge-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-mail-offers-plunge-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit card mail offers hit a 25 month low in April	Credit card mail offers are plummeting, according to recent data. Will the dive that began in December 2011 continue?	credit card, mail offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-survey-credit-card-signup-bonus-offers-promotions-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-survey-credit-card-signup-bonus-offers-promotions-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CreditCards.com survey: Sign-up bonus offers abound -- with a hitch	Card issuers are offering good promotional rates -- and there are still rewards to be had -- but consumers increasingly have to work for them.	credit card rewards, credit card bonuses, zero percent offers, balance transfers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-frugal-family-reunion-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gary-foreman-frugal-family-reunion-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cooperation key to a frugal family reunion	Divide the tasks into manageable piles and put the Web to work so everyone buys in, watches the plan evolve and contributes	family, reunion, web, social media, gary foreman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-vantage_scores-are-how-they-work-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-vantage_scores-are-how-they-work-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What VantageScores are, how they work	FICO scores may get all the attention. But your loan application may be judged through its competitor, VantageScore, which is becoming more widely used	vantagescore, fico score, credit score, credit report, credit card, experian, transunion, equifax
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-should-judgment-proof-debtor-pay-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-should-judgment-proof-debtor-pay-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should a judgment-proof debtor pay card debt anyway?	An elderly couple with few assets but a Social Security and a military pension probably are untouchable by credit card collectors and the courts	social security, income, debt, collections, court, judgment, proof
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loan-default-mom-cosigner-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loan-default-mom-cosigner-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	His student loan default leaves mom destitute	His mom co-signed on his student loan, which went into default and she's now destitute. Our expert sternly outlines what he has to do to fix things	student, loan, default, co-signer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-generic-versus-frequent-flier-miles-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-generic-versus-frequent-flier-miles-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The battle of generic versus frequent flier miles	A primer on how both generic credit cards and airline-specific cards offer and redeem travel miles -- and which is best for you.	frequent, flier, miles, generic, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_complaint-database-debuts-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_complaint-database-debuts-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal agency opens credit card complaints to public	The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is opening credit card complaints to public scrutiny for the first time. As of June 19, anyone with a Web browser can search the database to sift through cardholder complaints	consumer financial protection bureau, complaint, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-interview-olympic-gymnast-shawn-johnson-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-interview-olympic-gymnast-shawn-johnson-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Olympic gymnast  Shawn Johnson	Shawn Johnson became America's sweetheart when she won a gold and three silvers in gymnastics at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, but her greatest balancing act has been keeping her head through the highs and lows of a professional athlete's life	Shawn Johnson, Olympics, credit cards, gymnastics, dancing with the stars, endorsements, sports figure, role model
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-impact-canceled-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sally-herigstad-impact-canceled-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Offsetting the impact of a canceled credit card	When a card issuer surprises you by canceling your card, what steps do you have to take to make sure your credit score won't suffer?	canceled credit card, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-062012-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-062012-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay flat	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained flat for the second consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, rate, report, apr, fomc, federal funds rate, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-june-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-june-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed votes again to keep borrowing costs down	Today's record-low interest rates aren't going anywhere any time soon. The Federal Reserve announced Wednesday that it's unlikely to raise interest rates until at least 2014	federal reserve, interest rates, federal funds rate, operation twist, credit card, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-graduates-slow-to-pay-off-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-graduates-slow-to-pay-off-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: College graduates make little progress in paying off debt	Students who have graduated from college are slow to pay back on their debt, according to a Rutgers report.	students, graduate, debt, loan, college, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-ex-authorized-user-bad-credit-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tanisha-warner-ex-authorized-user-bad-credit-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shedding an ex with bad credit who you authorized to use your card	The relationship is over, but not the credit consequences of letting him be an authorized user on your account. That makes financial breakups harder, but you have choices	relationship, ex, credit card, authorized user, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-transferring-miles-between-cap-one-cards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cathleen-mccarthy-transferring-miles-between-cap-one-cards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can transferring miles between two cards get you more miles?	Some credit card companies allow you to transfer accrued airline miles from one of their cards to another for bonus miles. Does yours? 	airline miles, Delta, frequent flier, transferring miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-spending-smarter-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-spending-smarter-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	End of recession encourages consumers to start spending smarter	The road to recovery from the recession is one of change, and the United States is seeing just that in the form of consumers' payment choices	spending, saving, payments, credit card, debit card, optimization
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-verify-income-ability-to-pay-rule-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuers-verify-income-ability-to-pay-rule-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card issuers vary wildly on how they verify income	Some banks ask a lot, some very little in enforcing the Fed's 2011 rule requiring card applicants show an ability to repay what they borrow, CreditCards.com research shows	ability to pay, income, credit card, CARD Act, verify, issuer, bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/true-debt-collection-horror-tales-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/true-debt-collection-horror-tales-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	True debt collection horror tales	Even a polite call from a debt collector can ruin your day, but what would you do if he threatened bodily harm and started to stalk you on Facebook?	debt collectors, FTC, FDCPA, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/renters-reduce-summer-cooling-bills-gary-foreman-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/renters-reduce-summer-cooling-bills-gary-foreman-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Renters' tips for reducing summer cooling bills	Just because you don't own your home doesn't mean you have to swelter in your shelter. These tips will help you chill without big bills	summer, heat, cooling, rent, rental, bills, lower, cut
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loan-collection-agency-fee-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-student-loan-collection-agency-fee-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does rehabbing a student loan require a fee?	If your federal student loan is in collections and you want to start paying again, beware of collectors who want to charge you an upfront fee	federal student loans, collectors fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-businesses-seek-bank-loans-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-businesses-seek-bank-loans-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Business owners turn to bank loans, not business cards, for financing	Small-business owners seeking funding now see bank loans as their first option, not business credit cards	bank loan, business credit card, loans, small-business, financing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-062712-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-062712-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay fixed	Credit card interest rates held steady for the third consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, rate report, apr, credit card interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-keep-cards-safe-vacation-travel-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-keep-cards-safe-vacation-travel-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 ways to keep your cards safe during vacation travels	Travel season is theft season, so here are eight ways to safeguard your cards from Australian spielers, German langfingers, Brazilian ladr&atilde;os or not-so-good ol' American crooks	travel, tourist, theft, credit card, vacation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/use-ira-to-pay-off-mortgage-retirement-1294-sally_herigstad.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/use-ira-to-pay-off-mortgage-retirement-1294-sally_herigstad.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it wise to use IRA funds to pay off mortgage?	Paying off a mortgage when you retire, even if you have to use retirement funds to do so, sounds very appealing. But is it wise?	retirement, IRA, paying off, pay off, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rapid-rescore-fix-credit_score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rapid-rescore-fix-credit_score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A rapid rescore can fix your credit score in a hurry	A few credit score points can mean the difference between a good mortgage rate and a lousy one. If errors are dragging down your score, a rapid rescore can help	credit score, credit card, rapid rescore, mortgage, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-health-aca-medical-bills-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-health-aca-medical-bills-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	IRS to tax-exempt hospitals: Go easier on medical debt collection	Low-income Americans who fall behind on their medical bills will be spared the worst debt collection tactics under new IRS rules that grew out of the health care law	affordable care act, obama, supreme court, bankruptcy, medical debt, irs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-seat-fee-middle-window-aisle-family-1433-cathleen-mccarthy.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-seat-fee-middle-window-aisle-family-1433-cathleen-mccarthy.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airlines charging family-unfriendly fee for aisle, window seats	If you want to fly next to your young children, get ready to be zapped by airlines with fees for window and aisle seats 	airlines, window seats, aisle seats, premium seats, airline fees, family vacation, travel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hidden-costs-cashless-cruising-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hidden-costs-cashless-cruising-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The hidden costs of 'cashless' cruising	Many cruise ships have gone to a cashless system onboard, but travelers should be wary: With cash out of sight, you can quickly go overboard on charges	cruise, travel, cashless, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late-start-building-credit-history-qualify-mortgage-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late-start-building-credit-history-qualify-mortgage-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Start late on credit? Steps to boost score, qualify for a mortgage	At 39 with just one credit card, a reader wants to boost her credit score to qualify for a mortgage in the near future. What are her options?	first credit card, mortgage, thin credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-options-addiction-rehabilitation-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-options-addiction-rehabilitation-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The high cost of rehab: expensive, but attainable	Not every recovering addict can afford a swank rehab clinic, but everyone who needs help with substance abuse can find an affordable solution   	rehab costs, rehab clinics, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/addiction-substance-abuse-financial-disaster-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/addiction-substance-abuse-financial-disaster-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The high cost of descending into drug-related debt	Substance abuse results in more than health and relationship wreckage: Financial disaster often follows, leading to financial ruin 	substance abuse, addiction, drug, credit, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layoff-unemployment-dont-touch-401k-retirement-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layoff-unemployment-dont-touch-401k-retirement-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If layoff looms, don't touch your 401(k) plan money	With your head on the chopping block at work, that retirement nest egg may tempt you now, but so much can go wrong and you're sure to regret it later	401k, retirement, taxes, payments, job, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheritance-threatened-bankruptcy-filing-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheritance-threatened-bankruptcy-filing-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is inheritance at risk with bankruptcy filing?	Courts don't like people filing for bankruptcy shortly before they get an inheritance, so there are rules about when those funds are truly yours 	bankruptcy, inheritance, bankruptcy, filing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-poker-ponzi-bitar-custody-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-poker-ponzi-bitar-custody-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Indicted online poker kingpin returns to face beefed-up charges	Arrested in NY, Full Tilt Poker CEO Raymond Bitar is accused in a new federal indictment of miltimillion-dollar credit card-based Ponzi scheme	ponzi, poker, online, gambling, raymond bitar, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-070512-interest-rates-fall-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-070512-interest-rates-fall-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates fall 	Credit card interest rates dipped this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, student credit cards, bank of america, visa, rewards credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-confidence-erodes-discover-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-confidence-erodes-discover-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer confidence erodes, Discover survey says	After surging earlier this year, consumer confidence is waning again, according to a July 2012 Discover Spending Monitor survey 	Discover, survey, consumer confidence, Spending Monitor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parent-assets-community-property-debt-judgment-proof-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parent-assets-community-property-debt-judgment-proof-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Elderly Mom needn't worry about ailing Dad's debts	With few jointly shared assets and little income, he's judgment proof; creditors should be politely but firmly told to go away	mom, dad, elderly, ill, judgment proof, debt, pay, creditors, assets, income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-07062012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-07062012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed report: Consumers credit card balances shoot up in May	Consumer credit card balances rose in May after tumbling the previous month, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	consumer credit, g19, revolving debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payment-time-of-day-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payment-time-of-day-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A minute detail: The time of day your credit card bill is due can vary	Legal changes prevented issuers from playing games with credit card due dates. But the time of day can vary -- and minutes matter to those with online, just-in-time payment habits	credit card, payment, late, due date, time, minute, second
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-many-credit-cards-is-enough-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erica-sandberg-how-many-credit-cards-is-enough-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	With six cards already, would another one hurt?	A 25-year-old with six credit cards in her wallet already wants to know if adding yet another card to the mix will help or hurt her credit score	credit cards, more credit cards, how many credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/worldpoints-walmarts-gift-cards-cathleen-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/worldpoints-walmarts-gift-cards-cathleen-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Walmart gift cards best use of your Bank of America Worldpoints? 	One reader wants to use her card's points on Walmart gift cards, but depending on the point total, cash back may be the way to go.	Walmart, Worldpoints, Bank of America, credit card rewards, gift cards, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-seniors-unscorable-no-credit-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-seniors-unscorable-no-credit-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt-free seniors may find themselves 'unscorable'	With no debt and no credit activity, you may soon become unable to get a credit score, a problem today's elderly are starting to encounter	credit score, senior citizens, debt, credit, credit rating, unscoreable
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-cards-get-personal-default-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit-cards-get-personal-default-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In case of default, business credit cards get personal	You may want a credit card to help finance your small business, but look closely: The application likely puts your personal assets on the line if you default	business, credit card, application, personal, liability, assets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inexpensive-exercise-alternatives-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inexpensive-exercise-alternatives-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gym cost too much? Inexpensive exercise alternatives abound	Your workout needn't start with lifting the contents of your wallet for membership or fancy equipment. Run, skip or cartwheel over to these low-cost exercise alternatives	gary foreman, low cost, exercise, gym, alternatives
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuer-refuses-spouse-joint-account-holder-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-issuer-refuses-spouse-joint-account-holder-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why a spouse may be turned down for joint credit card 	A couple wants to have a joint credit card, but the bank refuses to add the husband to the wife's card. 	joint credit card, card applicant, joint credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-new-mortgage-credit_score-nontraditional-information-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-new-mortgage-credit_score-nontraditional-information-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO introduces new mortgage credit score	Some consumers may hail Tuesday's release of the new FICO mortgage core powered by CoreLogic as a blessing. Others may see it as an unwanted invasion into their privacy that could make it even harder for them to secure a home loan	FICO, mortgage score, core logic, core score, credit score, credit report 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-071112-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-071112-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay fixed	Credit card interest rates remained untouched this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, store credit cards, retail cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-score-car-buyers-scoring-loans-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-credit-score-car-buyers-scoring-loans-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	More consumers with bad credit scoring car loans	In the market for a new car but worry that your iffy credit score will put the brakes on getting a good deal? Take heart, a new report shows that you might be able to snag those keys after all.	bad credit, car buyers, car loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lawsuits-against-debt-collectors-rise-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lawsuits-against-debt-collectors-rise-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Though bad debts fall, lawsuits over collection practices rise	Consumers are paying credit card bills on time more often and filing fewer bankruptcies, so why are lawsuits over debt collection soaring?	lawsuit, debt, credit, consumer protection, collector
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deferred-interest-payments-applied-exception-two-months-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deferred-interest-payments-applied-exception-two-months-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Different rules apply to deferred interest payment plans' final 2 months	An exception written into the Credit CARD Act directs more of a consumer's payments be applied to a deferred plan's balance during its final months	deferred, payment, applied, pay, CARD Act, law, balance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/viewing-purchases-accrued-miles-same-time-cathleen-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/viewing-purchases-accrued-miles-same-time-cathleen-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why don't miles show up on my credit card statement?	Purchases made with an airline credit card can get you reward miles, often at one mile per dollar spent, but why can't you see an up-to-date tally on your credit card bill?	rewards, frequent flier miles, airline credit cards, online credit card statement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailer-swipe-fee-consumers-settlement-surcharge-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailer-swipe-fee-consumers-settlement-surcharge-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Settlement allows retailers to surcharge for credit card use; will they?	Multibillion 'swipe fee' case tilts balance of power from card issuers to merchants, but whether consumers will benefit is unclear	swipe, fee, interchange, credit card, settlement, lawsuit, surcharge
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-decrease-q2-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-decrease-q2-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit diet shrinks bankruptcy rolls in second quarter of 2012	The tightening of consumer credit during the economic downturn may be paying off: Consumer bankruptcy filings again plunged in the second quarter of 2012	bankruptcy, credit, recession, statistics, filings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/never-trust-roommates-pay-bills-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/never-trust-roommates-pay-bills-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Never trust roommates to pay your bills	If a bill's in your name and your credit is on the line, trusting someone else to pay it on time in your absence is a mistake that can haunt you for seven years	credit report, credit history, debt collection, credit score, roommates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-way-start-credit-history-sandberg-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-way-start-credit-history-sandberg-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best way to establish credit? Why, get a credit card, of course	What's the best way to establish good credit? You can dog-paddle with a secured card or attempt the butterfly with a strong swimmer as your co-signer 	credit history, good credit, secured credit card, unsecured credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-plan-credit-score-impact-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-plan-credit-score-impact-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How debt management plans impact credit scores	If your spending and debt are out of control, a visit to your local credit counselor can help -- but will entering into a debt management plan destroy your credit?	debt management plan, credit score, impact
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-071812-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-071812-interest-rates-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain unchanged	Credit card interest rates stayed put for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, balance transfer offer, equifax, true in-market propensity score, tip scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-capital_one-refund-credit_card-customers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-capital_one-refund-credit_card-customers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One to refund $150 million to credit card customers	The bank marketed its "add-on" credit protection, credit  monitoring products deceptively, say federal agencies in announcing the consumer refunds and fines	capital one, consumer, refund, fine, $150 million
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-budgets-fail-make-yours-succeed-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-budgets-fail-make-yours-succeed-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How budgets fail (and how to make yours succeed)	Attempts at budgeting flop because they're poorly designed, unrealistic or was a poor match for the person using it. But you can make yours work	budget, fail, succeed
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-tips-budget-busting-money-family-members-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-tips-budget-busting-money-family-members-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips to keep your family from busting your budget	You strive to stay on budget, but certain family members are always pressuring you to spend more than you have. What are your options?	toxic family members, money, budget
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frank-partnoy-procrastination-money-problems-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frank-partnoy-procrastination-money-problems-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wait. Before. You. Charge. That, says author	In a world that says go-go-go, author and lifelong procrastinator Frank Partnoy says that those who wait-wait-wait will fare better in most aspects of life	Q&A, credit card, Frank Partnoy, procrastinate, wait
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-shedding-credit-cards-recession-law-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-shedding-credit-cards-recession-law-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Students shedding credit cards as recession, new law sink in	The nation’s college students finally may be absorbing a lesson that won’t count in class but will improve their life skills: how to responsibly handle credit cards	college, credit card, students, sallie mae, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-one-year-anniversary-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-financial-protection-bureau-one-year-anniversary-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer Financial Protection Bureau watchdog turns 1	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau opened for business July 21, 2011. One year later, the watchdog still has political enemies but has won allies	consumer financial protection bureau, regulation, anniversary, banks, credit, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/servicemembers-act-rate-reduce-6-percent-refund-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/servicemembers-act-rate-reduce-6-percent-refund-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Servicemembers Act 6 percent interest rate not always easy to claim	The law meant to protect military personnel can reduce interest rates and even refund payments, but there are limits and hoops to jump through	soldier, reservist, servicemembers civil relief act, interest rate 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-miles-international-travel-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-miles-international-travel-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Occasional traveler? Hoard your rewards for an international flight	If you take just a handful of flights a year, it could take years to get enough frequent flier miles to redeem for a domestic flight, so consider holding out for international travel	rewards, miles, airlines, travel, overseas travel, domestic travel, rewards credit cards, redeeming miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-libor-federal-funds-prime-rate-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-libor-federal-funds-prime-rate-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Libor, the federal funds rate and the US prime rate: A primer	Confused by the difference between Libor and prime? Here's all you need to know about the benchmark interest rates that help set your loans	prime rate, federal funds rate, libor, credit card, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-jewelry-upcycling-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-jewelry-upcycling-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Upcycling' turns credit cards into jewelry, trash into fashion	Sure, you've purchased jewelry with a card. But have you ever worn jewelry made from a card? If so, trendy one, you've discovered 'upcycling'	credit card, jewelry, upcycling, fashion, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-home-based-business-start-up-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-home-based-business-start-up-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to build a home-based business frugally	Take these steps to start up a successful home-based business. The first one? Establish the business in a product or service you already know well	frugal, home business, marketing, extra income, tutor, tutoring, teaching, kids, fliers, discounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-effects-on-marriage-sally-hergistad-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-effects-on-marriage-sally-hergistad-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will bankruptcy scare off future spouse?	A single woman in Florida, whose house is underwater, is considering bankruptcy. She worries how that will affect her chances at marriage 	bankruptcy, marriage, Florida, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canada-improve-credit-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canada-improve-credit-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canadian, US credit scoring systems similar	While the details differ, credit scoring systems in the neighboring countries are similar -- and so are the ways to boost a score	credit cards, cancelling cards, canada, credit score, credit report, canada
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-saving-more-money-for-college-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-saving-more-money-for-college-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Students paying more for college, saving parents more money	Parents and students still agree that higher education is an investment in the future, and they are getting even better about funding college.	college, students, college funding, sallie mae
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-best-worst-ways-borrow-500-dollars-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-best-worst-ways-borrow-500-dollars-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 best-to-worst ways to borrow $500	In a pinch between paychecks? Who or where you choose to borrow from can be a temporary dollar dilemma or a long-term money nightmare 	borrow cash, payday loan, peer lending, pawnshop
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-100-million-minimum-payment-settlement-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-100-million-minimum-payment-settlement-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chase agrees to $100 million settlement over minimum payment hike	The giant credit card issuing bank agreed to pay for its 2009 decision to suddenly boost its 'fixed' minimum card payments from 2 percent to 5 percent	chase, credit card, minimum payment, $100 milliion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-072512-interest-rate-rise-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-072512-interest-rate-rise-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates rise	July 25, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates rose for the first time in nearly two months, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, balance transfer offer, business cards, wells fargo, chase, capital one
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/skip-tracer-debt-collection-ron-brown-interview-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/skip-tracer-debt-collection-ron-brown-interview-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ron Brown, skip tracer, talks debt collecting	Meet Ron Brown, whose unique approach to locating debt evaders combines psychology, neurolinguistics and plain old jungle instinct 	debt, collections, skip, tracer, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-students-4-credit-card-choices-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-students-4-credit-card-choices-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 credit choices for college-bound students	In addition to a mini fridge and extra-long twin sheets, have you thought about what type of plastic to send with your child to college?	college, credit cards, secured cards, co-signing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/congress-probes-data-brokers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/congress-probes-data-brokers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Congress asks if data brokers invade consumers' privacy	Congress and regulators are taking a look at data brokers  and the privacy concerns raised by the huge volumes of consumer data they amass in the shadows	data brokers, congress, privacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-080112-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-080112-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay put	August 1, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates stood still this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, balance transfer offer, credit card mailings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/household-financial-planning-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/household-financial-planning-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Those with a financial plan fare better, survey says	The results of a survey indicate that financial planning is beneficial to everyone -- not just the rich	financial planning, statistics, debt, loans, savings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceled-debt-tax-notice-irs-payment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceled-debt-tax-notice-irs-payment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How much tax do you pay on canceled debt?	If you settled to pay less than you owe on credit card debt, the IRS will consider the forgiven amount as income, which may impact your taxes 	canceled debt, 1099-C notice, tax, IRS, settled debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-august-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-august-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As expected, Fed keeps rates at rock bottom	If you have good credit and are ready to buy a new fridge or even a new house, now is a good time to do it. The Federal Reserve announced Wednesday that it will continue to leave today's record low interest rates near zero	federal reserve, fomc, interest rates, federal funds rate target, credit card, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-affects-credit-score-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-affects-credit-score-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom's card default hurts son's credit	Requesting a credit card for your child to use -- even if they're a minor -- could make them an authorized user whose credit is affected	credit, authorized user, credit score, credit report, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-management-101-college-students-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-management-101-college-students-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit management 101 for new college students	A high school student getting ready for college wants to know exactly how to manage her first credit card without getting into debt 	first credit card, college credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-credit-mistakes-expatriates-should-avoid-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-credit-mistakes-expatriates-should-avoid-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 credit mistakes expats should avoid	Moving abroad? Don't make these common money and credit mistakes as they will make your return to the U.S. a lot less welcome 	expatriate, money mistakes, moving abroad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/josh-altman-million-dollar-listing-credit-scores-buying-houses-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/josh-altman-million-dollar-listing-credit-scores-buying-houses-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Million-dollar Realtor Josh Altman's reality check	Reality TV Realtor Josh Altman shares his financial secrets for first-time homebuyers in a ever-changing real estate market 	Josh Altman, real estate, Million Dollar Listing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing-small_businesses-credit_cards-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing-small_businesses-credit_cards-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financing your small business with plastic: A capital idea?	In this economy, small business loans are tough to get, so credit cards may be the solution for keeping operations afloat	financing, bills, small business, credit card, loan, lenders, credit score, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-perks-not-miles-or-points-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-perks-not-miles-or-points-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cards carry rewards other than points, miles	The talk of credit card rewards is all miles and points, but what other perks exist to entice you to one card over another?	credit card rewards, miles, points, perks, online booking, hotels, car rental, car insurance, travel, bonus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/your-rights-fair_credit_reporting_act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/your-rights-fair_credit_reporting_act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A guide to your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act	It's not always easy to get errors corrected on your credit reports. However, don't give up yet: You have a 1970 law on your side that can help	credit report, credit reporting agency, credit bureau, credit card, fair credit reporting act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q2-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q2-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Americans slightly hungrier for credit, but banks remain cautious	A slightly larger number of U.S. consumers applied for credit this summer, but banks aren't making it much easier for them to borrow	credit card, loan officer survey, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-perks-small_business-employees-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-perks-small_business-employees-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting the card with the most travel perks for your employees	Reward your employees with a small business credit card that rewards them with quality travel perks	travel, rewards, credit cards, frequent fliers, points, miles, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-decline-080712-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-decline-080712-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reversing course again, consumer credit card balances fall in June	Consumer credit card balances tumbled in June, after shooting up the previous month, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	consumer credit, g19, revolving debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-pet-care-food-vet-insurance-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-pet-care-food-vet-insurance-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for holding down costs of pet food, vet care 	Fluffy and Fido are part of the family, so they need to part of the family budget, too. Here are ways to trim costs without sacrificing your pet's quality of life	pet, care, costs, frugal, food, insurance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-080812-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-080812-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain unchanged	August 8, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates held steady for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, apr ranges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-bureau-dispute-process-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-bureau-dispute-process-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to clear credit of fraudulent card account	Getting an issuer and the credit bureaus to clear your record of a fraudulent account takes time and patience -- as well as a little know-how 	credit bureau, credit reports, credit card fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-international-card-acceptance-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-international-card-acceptance-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey reveals where in the world credit cards are most accepted	A MasterCard study reveals where business credit cards are most likely -- and least likely -- to be accepted internationally. 	business credit card, travel, international, card acceptance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airlines-launch-new-elite-perks-frequent-fliers-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airlines-launch-new-elite-perks-frequent-fliers-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Airlines launch slew of elite-level perks for frequent fliers	Low-cost airlines make a play for frequent fliers with new incentives typically reserved for elite-status, while the majors focus on keeping their elites loyal	elite, travel, american express, jetblue 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-olympics-athletes-parents-financial-hurdles-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-olympics-athletes-parents-financial-hurdles-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	All that glitters isn't gold for some Olympian parents	What do Olympic athletes Gabby Douglas, Ryan Lochte and Lolo Jones all have in common? Parents who are struggling financially 	Gabby Douglas, Ryan Lochte, Lolo Jones, Natalie Hawkins, 2012 Olympics, financial struggles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/options-end-wage-garnishment-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/options-end-wage-garnishment-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to contest, end wage garnishment	Even after you have a civil judgment against you and wages are being garnished, you have options to try and limit or end the taking of your wages	contest, end, stop, reverse, wage, garnishment, garnish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-impact-cancel-unused-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-impact-cancel-unused-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will canceling a new, unused card hurt your score?	A reader regrets that he opened a retail card and now wants to cancel it before he activates it. How much will that cancellation hurt his credit score?	credit card, canceled credit card, FICO, credit score impact
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-credit-card-users-wont-pay-surcharge-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-credit-card-users-wont-pay-surcharge-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card surcharges? No way, poll says	Nearly two in three Americans say they would stop using their credit cards if retailers start tacking on extra fees for paying with plastic, according to a new CreditCards.com poll	credit card, surcharge, poll, survey, fee, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-overcome-financial-trauma-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-overcome-financial-trauma-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to overcome financial trauma	You hit bottom financially, now what? If you're struggling with fear, guilt or shame, it's time to pull up those bootstraps and move forward 	financial trauma, recovery, money problems, financial therapist
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/written-off-statute-limitations-debt-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/written-off-statute-limitations-debt-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What it means when a debt is 'written off'	When a debt is  'written off,' that's just an accounting term that means one -- and only one -- creditor has given up on it. You can be sure another will follow	written off, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/removing-yourself-from-joint-authorized-user-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/removing-yourself-from-joint-authorized-user-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get your name off a spouse's credit cards	Authorized user or joint account holder? Depending on your status, there are different rules for getting your name off a credit card 	authorized user, joint credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-08152012-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-08152012-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates remain flat	August 15, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates held steady for the third straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, Rate Report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/joint-account-debt-credit-card-mortgage-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/joint-account-debt-credit-card-mortgage-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Husband's old, past due joint account springs mortgage surprise	A husband's joint credit card with another woman has begun causing problems -- and for the purposes of this discussion, we just mean credit problems	credit report, joint credit, joint account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redeem-reward-miles-for-in-flight-entertainment-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redeem-reward-miles-for-in-flight-entertainment-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I use reward miles for in-flight meals and entertainment?	Some travelers would rather fly more comfortably than more often. Can they use accumulated miles for in-flight expenses such as food, movies and drinks?	miles, rewards, frequent fliers, inflight expenses, inflight movie, airplane food, credit card, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/supreme-court-debt-collection-case-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/supreme-court-debt-collection-case-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Supreme Court case could curb debt collection lawsuits	In a case before the Supreme Court, consumer agencies argue debtors shouldn't have to pay costs of suing debt collectors	debt, collection, supreme court, case, debtors, marx, general revenue
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blind-visually-impaired-touchscreen-apple-apps-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/blind-visually-impaired-touchscreen-apple-apps-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Apps begin to give blind access to touch screens	While America's love affair with touch-screen payment devices continues to leave the blind and visually impaired in the dark, prospects for a hassle-free checkout in the near future are finally looking up. 	iPhone, apps for the blind
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-harassment-default-judgment-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-harassment-default-judgment-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Broke, sued for debt and harassed by collectors	A single and unemployed mom was sued for debt she owed two years ago. Now she's being harassed by collectors and wonders how to get them to stop	debt collection, harassment, judgment, wage garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-debt-validation-proof-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collection-debt-validation-proof-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Obtain proof of debt from collectors before you pay	Not sure that debt is yours? When pursued by collectors, you have the right to ask them to prove that the debt they want paid is truly yours 	debt collection, debt validation, proof
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-08222012-up-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-08222012-up-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates rise slightly	August 22, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates ticked up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, rate report, student cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-pamela-yellen-financially-fit-1272.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-pamela-yellen-financially-fit-1272.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: Pamela Yellen's secrets to being financially fit	Many consumers aren't prepared for when a financial crisis hits and can often be left destitute when it happens. Author Pamela Yellen teaches you how to prevent that from happening 	Pamela Yellen, financially fit, financial crisis
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd-power-credit-card-customer-satisfaction-survey-amex-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd-power-credit-card-customer-satisfaction-survey-amex-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express, Discover lead again in card satisfaction survey	It's been four years since a recession-and-regulation racked card industry smacked down its customers. Now, a survey says, satisfaction is creeping back up	recession, credit card, satisfaction, survey, jd power
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/setting-prices-craft-hobby-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/setting-prices-craft-hobby-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Setting prices on the creations of your craft, hobby	How do you decide how much to charge for your crafts? First, decide if you want to treat that hobby as a business, or if you just want to have some fun	craft, hobby, price, set
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/windfall-negotiating-debt-vs-paying-down-balances-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/windfall-negotiating-debt-vs-paying-down-balances-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After a windfall, do you negotiate debt? Or just pay down balances?	Card issuers aren't likely to settle on an account that isn't incredibly delinquent -- and if they do, it could hurt your credit 	negotiate, debt, settle, account, pay off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-score-boost-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small-business-credit-score-boost-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 steps to boost your business's commercial credit score	You may have to rely on personal credit to found a small business, but to wear big business pants, you need to build up your commercial credit score	small business, commercial credit score 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phone-scam-jury-duty-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/phone-scam-jury-duty-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Jury duty' phone scam makes the rounds	Scam artists' latest trick, authorities warn, is to say you've missed jury duty and face jail -- unless you give up your credit card information	scams, credit card fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-protection-plans-dropped-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-protection-plans-dropped-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks drop credit protection plans	Credit protection plans, lucrative add-ons for credit card companies but panned by critics for their dubious value, are on their way out, a CreditCards.com survey of major card issuers shows	credit protection plan, card issuers, consumer protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-credit-card-for-nonprofit-church-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-credit-card-for-nonprofit-church-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Church treasurer seeks credit for purchases	Nonprofits can benefit from well-managed credit cards, but what type of plastic would serve those type of organizations best?	church credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spending-saving-methods-finances-singles-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/spending-saving-methods-finances-singles-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Spend now, save later: The financial mind of the modern single	Singles have a buy-now-save-later attitude when it comes to spending, and although attitudes are tough to change, changes in how they go about spending could bring them financial stability	singles, single people, spending, credit cards, cash, Paypal, debit cards, savings, spending habits, youth
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-lower-default-rates-top-US-cities1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-lower-default-rates-top-US-cities1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Top US cities all improving on paying back debt	New data shows huge decreases in default rates, and a couple of big U.S. city's residents deserve a pat on the back 	default rates, auto loans, bank cards, mortgages
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bequeath-frequent-flier-miles-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bequeath-frequent-flier-miles-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bequeathing frequent flier miles in your will	When your time is up, you can't take your frequent flier miles with you, but you may be able to bequeath them to friends and relations	credit cards, frequent flier miles, travel, rewards, inheritance, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-yourself-first-saving-method-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-yourself-first-saving-method-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Pay yourself first' method can force you to save	If the savings habit doesn't come easy for you, try creating a savings "bill" for yourself -- and make it the one you pay first	savings, save, pay yourself first
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-build_good_credit-first-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-build_good_credit-first-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to build good credit with your first credit card	Whether you are a U.S. national or not, you need to follow the same steps to building good credit by responsible use of your first credit card 	first credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-092912-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-092912-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates remain unchanged	August 29, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, rate report, credit card mailings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-cut-credit_card_balances-lowest-10-years-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-cut-credit_card_balances-lowest-10-years-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers slash card balances to lowest levels in 10 years	Consumers are still furiously paying down their credit card balances, and are paying them on time, according to data released Wednesday by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York	credit card, consumer debt, credit card debt, credit card limits, credit account inquiries, credit card delinquencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chip-cards-necessary-charging-overseas-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chip-cards-necessary-charging-overseas-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are chip cards necessary for charging overseas?	With magnetic-stripe credit cards being phased out in Europe, how necessary is it for Americans to get the new chip-and-PIN variety while traveling?	overseas, travel, travel rewards, chip-and-PIN, magnetic stripe, credit cards, annual fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-friendly-loan-turns-ugly-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-friendly-loan-turns-ugly-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a friendly loan can turn ugly	Lending money to family and friends is risky, especially if you charge that loan to your credit card. What do you do when the bills go unpaid?	credit card loan, friend, family
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-say-no-family-money-requests-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-say-no-family-money-requests-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to say 'no' to loved one's money requests	There's nothing wrong with wanting to help a loved one in a financial lurch, but not if it will derail your own finances. 	family money requests
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-debit-card-fraud-is-up-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-debit-card-fraud-is-up-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Debit card fraud is up	As debit card use has risen, so has debit card fraud -- key targets are atms, grocery stores and gasoline pumps.	debit card fraud, atms, skimming, PIN, card-not-present, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rejected-for-credit-it-could-be-because-youre-dead-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rejected-for-credit-it-could-be-because-youre-dead-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rejected for credit? It could be because you're dead	Rejected for a loan because your credit history was shut down? It could be because the credit bureaus think you're dead	credit history, credit report, credit reporting agencies, credit dispute, mistakenly declared dead, death master file, capital one, experian, fair credit reporting act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-new-immigrant-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-new-immigrant-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New immigrant credit rules of the road	The U.S. credit system's rules are not easy to grasp for those new to the country, and understanding them can be clouded by some common credit reporting myths	U.S. credit, immigrant credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-small-dollar-credit-products-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-small-dollar-credit-products-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Who is using small-dollar loans and why?	Fifteen million Americans used small-dollar credit products in 2011, from outfits such as pawnshops, payday lenders and auto title outfits. Who borrows, why and what do they spend their loans on?	payday loans, pawn loans, direct deposit advance loans, auto title loans, nonbank installment loans, small-dollar credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-090512-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-090512-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates remain stable	Sept. 5, 2012 -- Credit card interest rates held firm for the second straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, rate report, credit card mailings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/collectors-re_age-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/collectors-re_age-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Re-aged debt: What it is, how to avoid it	When debt collectors try to revive, or "re-age," old debt, know your rights and keep your wallet -- and your mouth -- shut	debt, re-aging, collector
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-purchase-protection-plans-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-purchase-protection-plans-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know your credit card purchase protection plan	You drop your new Nexus in the tub or have your iPhone pilfered from your gym locker. Out of luck? Not if your credit card can reimburse you 	credit card protection plans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-tell-credit-card-company-father-died-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-tell-credit-card-company-father-died-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When parents die in debt, can you keep it a secret?	A daughter doesn't plan to tell her dad's creditors of his death when he passes, and plans on cleaning out his bank accounts without going through probate	credit card, debt, death, probate, legal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-12-days-trauma-injuries-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-12-days-trauma-injuries-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: 12 days of holiday trauma injuries have devastating cost	Holiday-related injuries fill emergency rooms -- and can be financially devastating for families who are often already spread thing this time of year	holiday injuries, trauma injuries, loyola
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-liz-weston-money-advice-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-liz-weston-money-advice-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Liz Weston, author of 'No Dumb Questions About Money'	Personal finance expert and author Liz Weston talks about everything from kids with credit cards to 'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo'	liz weston, money, q&a, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-debt-through-personal-fundraising-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-debt-through-personal-fundraising-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoid debt through personal fundraising	Travel, adoptions and startups can wreak havoc on your credit cards. Before you whip out the plastic, you may want to consider using creative fundraising techniques 	personal fundraising, kickstarter, gofundme, paypal, debt, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-best-deals-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-best-deals-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Where can you find the best deal on a frequent flier flight?	What's your best bet for arranging reward travel? Skip the travel agent and go searching yourself	flier, flyer, frequent, best deals, travel agent, reward
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-talk-yourself-out-of-getting-into-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-talk-yourself-out-of-getting-into-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to talk yourself out of getting into debt	You deserve it! Everyone else has one! It's the last one! How your inner voice can talk you into debt, and how to out-talk those inner desires	credit card debt, inner voice
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-credit-canada-united-states-immigrant-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-credit-canada-united-states-immigrant-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canadian immigrants' credit records don't cross US border	Auto traffic may flow smoothly over the U.S.-Canada border, but a new immigrant from the north to America finds credit ratings don't cross the border	building credit, credit history, international
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-debt-management-plans-make-sense-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-debt-management-plans-make-sense-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When is a debt management plan a sound move?	A single mom has racked up big card debt and also plans on going back to school. Would a debt management plan reduce her financial struggles?	single parent, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-abuse-victims-coerced-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-abuse-victims-coerced-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study finds domestic violence, 'coerced debt' often go together	Victims of domestic violence are often controlled by their abusers, and a new study says destruction of their credit is one method 	victims, domestic, violence, coerced, debt, study
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-abuse-tips-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-abuse-tips-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips to protect yourself from financial abuse, coerced debt	Knowledge is power if you’re a victim of a partner's financial abuse that has led to debt. These tips from experts can help halt or reverse the abuse 	coerced, debt, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-decline-091012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-decline-091012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances fall again	Consumer credit card balances fell for the second straight month in July, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	consumer credit, g19, revolving debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/next_step-card-recovering-addicts-debt-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/next_step-card-recovering-addicts-debt-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card may be a step toward recovery for addicts	A new prepaid card blocks the transactions that may cause a recovering addict to fall back into old habits	prepaid, next step, recovering, addicts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-091212-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-091212-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card average APR holds steady at 14.98%	Sept. 12, 2012 - Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady for the third week in a row, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, rate report, credit card delinquencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-risk-employer-bankruptcy-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-risk-employer-bankruptcy-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	401(k) risk: Money in limbo due to employer bankruptcy	It's rare, but the transfer of 401(k) money from liquidating companies doesn't always go smoothly, leaving ex-employees with new fees, tax woes	401k, trustee, liquidated, company, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-stop-debt-collection-robocallers-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-stop-debt-collection-robocallers-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to stop debt collection robocalls	There are steps you can take to stop those annoying debt collection agency robocalls from calling you nonstop for days on end 	debt, collection, robocalls, calling, telephone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-september-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-september-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: No rate hikes until at least 2015	If you've been holding off on buying a new car or refinancing your mortgage, you've still got plenty of time. The Federal Reserve announced Thursday that it will continue to leave the federal funds rate target at rock bottom	federal reserve, fomc, interest rates, federal funds rate target, credit card, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-ways-romance-ruins-finances-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-ways-romance-ruins-finances-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways romance can ruin your finances	Love is free, but sealing the deal may cost you. Know when the pursuit is hurting your bottom line and when it might be better to back off 	romance, finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-supervises-credit-reporting-agencies-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-supervises-credit-reporting-agencies-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Federal bureau now oversees major credit reporting agencies	As of Sept. 30, 2012, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau began supervising the biggest credit reporting agencies	cfpb, credit score, credit report, credit bureaus, credit reporting agencies, Equifax, Experian, TransUnion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/drunken-shopping-finances-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/drunken-shopping-finances-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How drunken shopping can pickle your finances	Buying under the influence, shopping after chardonnay or drunk shopping. No matter what you call it, shopping after sucking back some spirits can do a number on your budget	drunk shopping, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-score-job-loss-debt-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-score-job-loss-debt-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After job loss leads to debt, rebuild your credit score	If a job loss has led to debt, you can't fix the past, but you can rebuild your credit score by adding positive, new entries in your credit record	job loss, unemployed, debt, credit, score, report, rebuild
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nakoula-innocence-muslims-criminal-credit-card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nakoula-innocence-muslims-criminal-credit-card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Innocence of Muslims' filmmaker has a credit card crime past	The reputed creator of the anti-Muslim video that incited mob violence in the Middle East is a convicted credit card con artist and bank fraudster, court records show 	Nakoula, innocence of muslims, credit card, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/leftover-travel-rewards-corporate-credit_card-mccarthy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/leftover-travel-rewards-corporate-credit_card-mccarthy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Leftover business air miles: Can I use them?	A CFO with a company credit card finds that his predecessor left a bunch of unused accrued rewards. Can the new guy use the leftovers?	travel rewards credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zombie-debt-buyers-consumers-fight-back-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/zombie-debt-buyers-consumers-fight-back-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Zombie debt business booms, putting consumers at risk	Do you have a debt from years ago that you never paid? If so, beware: That old account could come lurching back to life when you least expect it	zombie debt, unpaid, collect, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/iphone-nfc-smartphone-payment-devices-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/iphone-nfc-smartphone-payment-devices-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Despite chipless iPhone 5, smartphones march on as payment tools	The hot new iPhone doesn't have a chip in it to allow payments, but experts still expect we'll soon pay with the same gadgets we yak with 	iphone, payments, nfc, chip, smartphone, cellphone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/good-credit-score-qualifications-erica-sandberg-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/good-credit-score-qualifications-erica-sandberg-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What qualifies as a 'good' credit score?	Even if you screwed up big time just once, you can still have a good credit score. And if you fix the mistake, it can be even better 	credit score, FICO score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-house-mortgage-purchase-sally-herigstad-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-house-mortgage-purchase-sally-herigstad-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gearing up your credit score before a house purchase	Forget the myth that no debt translates to a bad credit score. The fact is the less debt you have, the more a potential mortgage lender will like you 	credit card debt, FICO score, mortgage lender
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2-dos-8-donts-for-retirement-planning-boomers-50s-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2-dos-8-donts-for-retirement-planning-boomers-50s-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2 do's and 8 don'ts for boomers planning retirement	Boomers eyeing retirement confront a changed, post-recession landscape and need to deal with some new realities -- and avoid some common mistakes	boomer, retire, plan, do's and don'ts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-091912-rise-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-091912-rise-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Average credit card rates rise to 15%	Sept. 19, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers rose this week, touching the 15 percent mark, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, best buy, gas credit cards, exxonmobil, co-branded cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/metropolitan-areas-credit-scores-experian-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/metropolitan-areas-credit-scores-experian-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wisconsin credit scores outrank all others, the South takes bottom 10	Of the 10 cities with the highest average credit scores, eight are in the Midwest -- including four in Wisconsin. The bottom 10 are all in the South	credit score, states, top 10, bottom 10, experian, study 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fewer-credit-cards-among-college-student-infographic-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fewer-credit-cards-among-college-student-infographic-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: College students shedding cards	College students may be getting smarter -- about personal finance, that is; their overall credit card ownership has dropped in the last two years.	college, student credit cards, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/telephone-credit-card-scam.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/telephone-credit-card-scam.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Phony credit card offers cost fraudsters $7.5 million	Three men are settling charges for selling credit cards that could only be used to purchase items such as 'play flutes.'	credit card scam, fraud, scheme, telephone scam
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-travel-insurance-flight-delays-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-travel-insurance-flight-delays-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does your credit card cover flight delay costs?	The flight you purchased with your airline card gets delayed: will the company cover the costs created by travel hiccups?	credit card travel insurance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-payment-deferred-interest-exception-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum-payment-deferred-interest-exception-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sorting out credit card payment splits when deferred interest involved	The CARD Act calls for payments above the minimum to go  toward the balance with the highest rate, but there's an exception for deferred interest plans	minimum payment, exception, card act, deferred interest, rate, highest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-steps-chased-zombie-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-steps-chased-zombie-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 steps to take if chased by zombie debt	Old debt coming back to haunt you? These seven steps may not all kill off 'zombie debt' but they'll sure keep you ahead of it	zombie, debt, steps, tips, 7, seven
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-214-million-settlement-payment-protection-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-214-million-settlement-payment-protection-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover to pay $214 million over payment protection plan marketing	Discover Bank's tentative agreement with federal regulators includes $200 million in refunds to consumers who bought the high-priced add-on plans	discover, bank, fdic, cfpb, payment protection, add-on, marketing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-automatic-credit-card-payments-go-wrong-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-automatic-credit-card-payments-go-wrong-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Putting card payments on automatic can hurt your credit	Yes, it's nice not to have worry about late payments when you set up automatic bill pay, but sometimes things can go really wrong if you don't pay attention 	bill payments, autopay, credit card payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-092612-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-092612-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 15%	Sept. 26, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady on Wednesday after rising to 15 percent the previous week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, equifax, experian, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-questions-aging-elderly-parents-finances-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-questions-aging-elderly-parents-finances-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 questions to ask aging parents about their finances	It may be a hard conversation to have, but as your parents get older, you'll need to chat with them about their financial well-being. Here are six questions to get you started	questions, elderly, parents, finances, aging
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal_loan-pay-off-credit_card-debt-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal_loan-pay-off-credit_card-debt-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using personal loans to pay off credit card debt	A personal loan may let you lower your rate and retire your credit card debt faster, but it will require a good credit history	personal loan, credit card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nick-groff-ghost-adventures-chasing-spirits-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nick-groff-ghost-adventures-chasing-spirits-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ghost adventurer Nick Groff unleashes 'Chasing Spirits' memoir	He may be a master of spiritual encounters today, but starting out, his car was (gasp!) repossessed	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-owner-dies-debt-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-owner-dies-debt-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When a cardholder dies in debt, authorized users are not liable	Authorized users on a credit cards don't have to pay debt left by deceased cardholders, but should get the information off their credit reports ASAP	credit card, debt, death, authorized user, liable, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-surefire-steps-to-get-errors-off-credit_reports.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-surefire-steps-to-get-errors-off-credit_reports.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 surefire steps to get errors off your credit reports	If you've already spent months, or even years, trying to scrub errors from your credit reports, it may feel like you have no choice but to live with them. However, don't give up too soon. You can get those errors fixed	credit report, credit report error, credit file, credit history, credit dispute, experian, equifax, transunion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-fine-refund-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-fine-refund-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Express to refund $85 million to 250,000 customers	Federal regulators have forced American Express to refund $85 million to 250,000 customers over its marketing and collection practices	american express, amex, fed, regulators, cfpb, consumer, refund, $85 million
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consider-costs-dog-pet-care-christmas-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consider-costs-dog-pet-care-christmas-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A dog for Christmas? Consider all the costs	Expect to pay $1,580 to pay for a dog's first-year costs, so be sure you can afford one before you get emotionally attached	dog, pet, family, cost
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-sell-used-furniture-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-sell-used-furniture-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to sell used furniture	To make a buck off that old furniture, you have to figure out what you've got. Then haggle!	sell, used, furniture
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-miles-bonuses-international-flight-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-miles-bonuses-international-flight-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's the best credit card to get to Peru?	When searching for the best reward card bonuses to rack up free miles to faraway lands, you need to do a little research before you apply 	credit card rewards, frequent flier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/clean-up-credit-before-applying-for-rewards-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/clean-up-credit-before-applying-for-rewards-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want a rewards card? Clean up credit first	A young man wants a rewards credit card for his new job, but his credit history is sketchy, which may also impact his new career 	credit score, credit history, rewards credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-david-urban-points-for-politics-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-david-urban-points-for-politics-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with David Urban, inventor of Points for Politics	Q&A with David Urban, a D.C. lobbyist whose "Points for Politics" invention makes it easy to donate extra points to the candidate of your choice	points for politics, credit card, rewards, david urban, q&a
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-executor-use-deceaseds-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-executor-use-deceaseds-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can an executor use deceased's credit card?	A sibling asks whether it is appropriate for the executor of her sister's estate to use her dead sister's credit card to pay the interment costs 	credit cards, burial, interment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-100312-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-100312-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain stuck at 15%	Oct. 3, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 15 percent on Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, discover, spending monitor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-debt-shrinking-recession-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-debt-shrinking-recession-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Recession-hit areas' residents still cautious with credit 	According to data from Experian, cardholders' willingness to pull out the plastic is partly determined geography -- specifically, by whether an area has recovered from the recessoin	credit, card, debt, caution, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bieber-rihanna-lovato-gomez-fan-clubs-privacy-fine-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bieber-rihanna-lovato-gomez-fan-clubs-privacy-fine-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bieber online fan site fined $1 million for violations of kids' privacy	Young people with Bieber Fever were encouraged to 'grab a  parent with a credit card,' join a fan club and improperly share personal information, feds say	Justin Bieber, Rihanna, Selena Gomez, Demi Lovato, privacy, online, fine, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-100512-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-100512-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer credit card balances rise	Consumer credit card balances rose in August after falling two months in a row, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	consumer credit, g19, revolving debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/generic-vs-airline-rewards-points-miles-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/generic-vs-airline-rewards-points-miles-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Generic miles card vs. airline-specific rewards	Either a generic rewards card or an airline specific card could be best, depending on your schedule, the flight and its cost	miles, airline, generic, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-action-federal-state-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online-gambling-action-federal-state-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Online gambling action shifts to states	For online gambling advocates, the federal landscape has become cloudy, so they're turning to states, hoping to rack up smaller wins there	federal, state, online, gambling, law, ruling, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deceptive-gray-charges-trap-consumers-into-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deceptive-gray-charges-trap-consumers-into-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers sucker-punched by sneaky 'gray charges'	Small, unwanted charges on credit cards often go unnoticed by consumers. But they can quickly add up  	credit card, debit card, gray charges, hidden fees, american express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-liability-dont-have-to-pay-up-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-liability-dont-have-to-pay-up-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized users don't have to pay up	If you're an authorized user on your ex's credit card, you're not legally liable to the card issuer, but he could file a lawsuit for repayment	authorized user, debt, ex-boyfriend, liable, pay, sue
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-history-reporting-credit-bureaus-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payment-history-reporting-credit-bureaus-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why all three credit bureaus need your payment history	If your bank or credit union doesn't report your payment activity to all three credit bureaus, you may find easy borrowing to be an uphill climb	Experian, Equifax, TransUnion, payment history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mom-worries-about-sons-finances-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mom-worries-about-sons-finances-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money lessons can save young adults from financial crisis	When teaching a young adult to make smart financial choices -- start with the basics and move in to the scare tactic.	young adult, finances, financial literacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-101012-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-101012-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 15%	Oct. 10, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 15 percent on Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-reasons-to-break-up-with-your-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-reasons-to-break-up-with-your-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 reasons to break up with your credit card 	Sometimes relationships fizzle -- and that can be especially true of your relationship with your credit card. Here are six ways to know when it's time to move on	credit card, debit card, student credit card, airline rewards card, low-interest card, secured credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/you-cant-hide-bankruptcy-from-spouse-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/you-cant-hide-bankruptcy-from-spouse-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You can't hide a bankruptcy from your spouse	When one spouse files for bankruptcy, the other spouse could still be on the financial hook	credit card, credit card debt, bankruptcy, reverse mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cheap-ways-keep-frequent-flier-miles-active-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cheap-ways-keep-frequent-flier-miles-active-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cheap ways to keep flier miles active	Spending a $1.29 per song at the iTunes store is one cheap way to keep your miles active. There are plenty of others	frequent flier miles, credit card, itunes, shopping portals, airline portal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-signature-causes-financial-trouble-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-signature-causes-financial-trouble-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways your signature can spell financial trouble	Chances are your spouse won't bust you for signing his name on a purchase using his card, but it's still illegal. And whatever you do, don't use red ink  	signatures, fraud 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/where-you-live-affects-credit-scores-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/where-you-live-affects-credit-scores-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Where you live may affect your use of credit	Where you live can make a big difference in how you use -- or misuse -- credit, but it's more complicated than just your address	credit scores, experian, unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-not-to-break-the-bank-for-beauty-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-not-to-break-the-bank-for-beauty-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How not to break the bank for beauty	Keeping up with the Kardashians as they get gorgeous is no frugal feat. While celebrities have deep pockets for tucks and tweaks, what's the average Josephine to do?	beauty products, credit cards, spas, plastic surgery
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_report_dispute-process-broken-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_report_dispute-process-broken-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why the credit report dispute process is broken	By law, credit bureaus are required to investigate credit report errors -- and fix them. An investigation by CreditCards.com shows the process is broken. It disposes of the consumer's side and automatically rubber-stamps what creditors say	credit report, credit report dispute, credit report error, credit bureaus, equifax, transunion, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-q3-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-q3-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies fall again in third quarter of 2012	Filings are down 14 percent in the first nine months of the year, although experts expect them to resume an upward climb soon	bankruptcy, filings, statistics, state, 2012, third quarter, nine months
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reasons-cant-get-credit-after-bankruptcy-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reasons-cant-get-credit-after-bankruptcy-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 reasons you can't get credit after bankruptcy	After you emerge from bankruptcy, getting credit can be tricky if you still have certain debts, aren't earning enough or apply with the wrong bank 	credit after bankruptcy, bankruptcy, secured cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-wife-credit-card-signature-fraud-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-wife-credit-card-signature-fraud-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can an ex sue you for signing, using his card?	An ex-wife is saddled with the credit card debt that caused her divorce, but now her ex wants to sue her for fraud for using his credit cards 	credit card, fraud, sign, signature, use, ex, divorce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-101712-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-101712-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates remain at 15% for fifth straight week	Oct. 17, 2012: Credit card interest rates remained at 15 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, interest rates, apr, delinquencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-ways-your-credit-card-can-bring-happiness-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/four-ways-your-credit-card-can-bring-happiness-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways your credit card can boost happiness	If your credit card doesn't make you happy, you're not doing it right, says new research. So forget a big-screen TV; go for experiences	credit card, happiness, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stay-at-home-ability-to-pay-cfpb-rules-change-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stay-at-home-ability-to-pay-cfpb-rules-change-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds soften rules to let stay-at-home parents qualify for cards	A rule intended to keep credit cards out of the hands of irresponsible youths had also prevented stay-at-home parents from getting them	stay at home, parent, credit card, act, ability to pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/loan-payback-total-financial-picture-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/loan-payback-total-financial-picture-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Look at full financial picture before paying off an old debt	From the narrow perspective of your credit report, yes, paying off old debt is always better. But then you won't have that money to buy food or shelter	loan, pay back, debt, credit, report, emergency fund
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shrinking-base-elite-frequent-flier-perks-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/shrinking-base-elite-frequent-flier-perks-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Basic frequent flier perks shrink as airlines push top-tier programs	Airlines are now more interested in luring us to second-level elite status (50,000 EQMs), so they're taking some goodies away from base-level elite members	eqm, elite, base, qualifying miles, reward, frequent flier, flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fine-print-qa-david-cay-johnston-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fine-print-qa-david-cay-johnston-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with 'Fine Print' author David Cay Johnston	The print may be tiny when it dings you for a few cents or tilts the balance of power toward a big company, but the personal and societal consequences aren't	David Cay Johnston, Fine Print, author, Q&A
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cosigned-mortgage-house-at-risk-unpaid-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cosigned-mortgage-house-at-risk-unpaid-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom sued for card debt worries about risk to son's house 	A disabled mom co-signed for her son's home loan, but now she's being sued for credit card debt. Is her son's house in jeopardy?	co-signer, mortgage, loan, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-opens-federal-complaint-system-to-credit_report-disputes-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-opens-federal-complaint-system-to-credit_report-disputes-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB opens federal complaint system to credit report disputes 	The financial watchdog is now accepting complaints related to consumers' credit reports -- and demanding answers from the credit bureaus	credit report, cfpb, credit report complaint, fair credit reporting act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/facebook-more-debt-lower-credit-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/facebook-more-debt-lower-credit-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Heavy Facebook use, higher credit card debt go together	Those who frequently used Facebook to socialize with close friends tend to have higher debt, lower credit scores, says new research	research, credit card, debt, credit score, facebook
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-security-ssn-demographic-numbers-dont-lie-broke-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/social-security-ssn-demographic-numbers-dont-lie-broke-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Demographics don't lie: Social Security is slowly going broke	There are plenty of solutions available, but America's  demographics and the law don't lie: Social Security, without changes, will go broke	social security, demographics, numbers, statistics, broke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-starts-earlier-fees-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-starts-earlier-fees-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stores launch layaway plans with an early rush	Layaway payment plans, reborn in the recession, are retaining their popularity and coming back early, though consumers should be wary of the fees	layaway, plan, early, fee, payment, upfront
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-emergency-travel-assistance-plans-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-emergency-travel-assistance-plans-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Travel perk: Credit card emergency travel assistance	Luggage lost in Lithuania? Jailed in Jamaica? Your credit card's emergency travel assistance concierge service can lend a helping hand  	credit card, emergency travel assistance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/win-credit-card-charge-back-disputes-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/win-credit-card-charge-back-disputes-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to win a credit card charge-back dispute	There are steps to follow when disputing a charge on your credit card, including keeping a paper trail of receipts and promises made by merchants	credit card charge-backs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-begins-supervising-debt-collectors-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-begins-supervising-debt-collectors-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer board begins federal supervision of debt collectors	Under a final rule issued Wednesday, the federal consumer watchdog will routinely inspect the operations of the 175 biggest debt collectors beginning Jan. 2, 2013	cfpb, debt, collectors, collection, regulation, rule, oversight, supervise
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-102412-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-interest-rate-report-102412-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Card rates stay at 15% for sixth consecutive week	Oct. 24, 2012: Credit card interest rates lingered at 15 percent Wednesday for the sixth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, interest rates, apr, credit card mailings
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-october-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-october-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: No rate changes on the horizon until 2015	If you're still several months away from being able to afford a down payment on a house or replace your aging car, relax. Today's record low rates are unlikely to change until at least 2015, says the Fed	federal reserve, fomc, interest rates, federal funds rate, credit card, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-secrets-aarp-survey-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-secrets-aarp-survey-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Younger couples keep more credit card secrets	Younger couples may be less financially honest than older couples, according to September 2012 data from AARP.	aarp, financial honesty, credit card debt, secret debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/graduate-authorized-user-cardholder-1501.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/graduate-authorized-user-cardholder-1501.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Graduating from authorized user to master of your own credit card	The 'natural method' of building credit works fine for most: Get a little loan, keep up payments, then advance to bigger loans as needs grow	authorized, user, credit card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bostick-nfcc-clients-lose-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bostick-nfcc-clients-lose-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How one Kansas couple paid down $120,000 in debt	Frances Bostick of Manhattan, Kansas, keeps a bag of cut-up credit cards to remind her of her hard-won victory over a $120,000 debt	credit card, debt, nfcc, biggest loser, bostick
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-daniel-j-smith-honest-nigerian-corruption-419-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-daniel-j-smith-honest-nigerian-corruption-419-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's behind the flood of scam Nigerian emails 	Q&A with Daniel J. Smith, whose book 'A Culture of Corruption' describes a country whose best-known export includes millions of scam emails	q&a, daniel j. smith, culture of corruption, book, nigerian, email, scams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-pay-old-time-barred-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-pay-old-time-barred-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When to pay off old debt	There can be good reasons to repay a debt even after it is too old for you to be sued over -- but you could create a new headache if you're not careful	old, debt, repay, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-tecnhology-fraud-qr-fbi-mobile-malware-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-tecnhology-fraud-qr-fbi-mobile-malware-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mobile technology means new fraud techniques	Scammers are always trying to stay a step ahead, so it's no surprise they're finding ways to use QR codes and other forms of mobile malware	mobile, fraud, techniques, new
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/over-top-off-frequent-flier-flight-holidays-airline-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/over-top-off-frequent-flier-flight-holidays-airline-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best ways to earn final points that get you a free flight	Want to head home for the holidays but short a few points for a free flight? Here's how to top off your frequent flier account with enough air miles to go	frequent, flier, flyer, home, holidays, airline, miles, earn, top off, free, flight
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-scan-this-qr-code-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-scan-this-qr-code-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	We told you not to scan this	As we explained in our story, 'Mobile technology means new fraud techniques,' QR codes can be used to foist malware on unsuspecting code-scanners like you 	qr, code, malware, technology, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-building-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-student-building-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Opening, closing new cards won't build credit	A college student wonders if opening a new card and using it a couple times and then closing the account will help his credit score 	credit card, credit score, FICO score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-cosigner-risks-bankruptcy-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-cosigner-risks-bankruptcy-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is co-signer at risk if bankruptcy looms?	With shared responsibility for a student loan, a mom worries that when her daughter files for bankruptcy, the mom's credit will be at risk 	student loan, co-signer, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disasters-bring-charity-scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disasters-bring-charity-scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When disasters hit, charity scams follow	Every disaster will bring in its wake tugs at your heartstrings and appeals for your generosity. History says some of them will be bogus; here's how to make sure your good deed reaches the right place	disaster, charity, scams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bring-lunch-save-food-expenses-frugal-lunchbox-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bring-lunch-save-food-expenses-frugal-lunchbox-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A free lunch? No, but these tips can hold down lunchtime costs	Invest in the right containers and plan ahead to avoid the dreaded 'sandwich burnout,' advises New Frugal You columnist Gary Foreman	frugal, lunch, containers, sandwiches
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-mistakes-people-make-when-disputing-credit_report_errors-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/five-mistakes-people-make-when-disputing-credit_report_errors-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 mistakes people make when disputing credit report errors 	Many people get tripped up by a confusing number of pitfalls that sometimes begin before they even submit their first dispute. Here are five of the most common mistakes made when disputing credit report errors	credit report, credit report dispute, fair credit reporting act, summary judgment, arbitration agreement, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-103112-rise-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-103112-rise-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates rise slightly	Oct. 31, 2012: Credit card interest rates ticked up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, consumer spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-monthly-fee-keep-or-cancel-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-monthly-fee-keep-or-cancel-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do you keep a card with a monthly fee?	You got the card to rebuild your credit, but it has served its purpose and now its monthly fee is adding up. Do you keep it or cancel it?	bad credit, monthly fee, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q3-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q3-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Cards slightly easier to get, but consumers remain cautious	If you've got less than stellar credit, you have a better chance at getting a new card with favorable terms. But if you're like many consumers these days, you may not want one	credit card, loan officer survey, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-cracks-down-on-robocall_scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/FTC-cracks-down-on-robocall_scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC cracks down on 'robocall' scams	The FTC announced a crackdown on robocalling violations amid a surge in complaints about the annoying and sometimes costly practice	telemarketing,robocalls,consumer protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/joint-credit-card-debt-after-divorce-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/joint-credit-card-debt-after-divorce-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to dissolve joint debt after divorce	Relying on an ex-spouse to pay off a joint account post-divorce can be worrisome, but there are some options to keep your credit score safe in the meantime.	divorce, co-signer, credit score, joint credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/exchanging-points-for-miles-is-rarely-good-deal-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/exchanging-points-for-miles-is-rarely-good-deal-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Exchanging points for miles is rarely a good deal	Trading points for miles may get you a free trip faster. However, there are usually significant trade-offs -- unless you can find the right promotion for your points	rewards points, airlines miles, chase, chase sapphire, ultimate rewards, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/could-your-credit-card-kill-you-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/could-your-credit-card-kill-you-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Could your credit card kill you?	A study reveals that half of all credit cards sampled tested positive for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus -- better known as the deadly MRSA infection	MRSA, credit cards, germs, bacteria
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt_collection-lawsuits-drop-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt_collection-lawsuits-drop-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lawsuits against bill collectors projected to drop	For the first time since at least 2004, consumers will bring fewer lawsuits in federal courts this year alleging debt collector abuses	debt, collection, credit debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer_credit-problems-easing-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer_credit-problems-easing-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Consumer credit problems easing	Consumer lawsuits about a grab bag of credit-related problems are falling this year for the first time since the financial crisis began in 2008, a new study says	consumer_credit lawsuits debt_collection credit_reporting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-110712-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-110712-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold at 15.01%	Nov. 7, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/handle-second-marriage-finances-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/handle-second-marriage-finances-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finances in a second marriage: talk it out first	If your first marriage involved a lot of money fights, take the right steps to prevent those same issues from happening the second time around 	marriage, money counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-fall-110712-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-fall-110712-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reversing course again, consumer card balances fall	Consumer credit card balances fell in September after surging the previous month, according to new data from the Federal Reserve	g19, consumer credit, revolving debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/election-results-strengthen-consumer_protections-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/election-results-strengthen-consumer_protections-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Election results strengthen consumer protection	Election wins by President Barack Obama and consumer rights firebrand Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts strengthen the hand of the fledgling Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, policy analysts said	consumer protection, election, obama, warren, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-tax-impact-settled-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-tax-impact-settled-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Settling debt has credit score, tax impact	With four credit cards in collections, she wonders about the impact of paying less than what she owes 	credit card debt, settled debt, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how_to_sue-debt_collector-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how_to_sue-debt_collector-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to sue a debt collector -- and win	The same law that sets boundaries on collectors' behavior gives you the right to sue them when they ignore the rules. These tips will help improve your odds of winning	debt collection collectors debtors consumer rights
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-shopping-budgets-2012-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-shopping-budgets-2012-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Holiday budgets fall in popularity	For the fourth year in a row, holiday shoppers are less likely to cut back spending or create a budget, a USAA survey finds	holiday, shopping, Christmas, budget, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-or-credit-cards-holiday-shopping-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-or-credit-cards-holiday-shopping-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Holiday shopping: Layaway or credit cards?	She wants to get a leg up on her holiday shopping, but wonders if layaway or using her credit card is a better choice 	layaway, credit, cards, holiday shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-remove-responsibility-payment-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-remove-responsibility-payment-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized user? No, you're not responsible for the bill	A boyfriend who adds you as an authorized user isn't doing you any favors, especially if he starts to default, since that will hurt your credit 	credit card, authorized user, default, pay, responsible, remove
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-buy-airline_miles-deals-expire-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-buy-airline_miles-deals-expire-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying airline miles usually doesn't pay, but might now	Buying airline miles usually doesn't pay off, but with some of the soon-to-expire deals, now could be a good time to top off your balance	airline miles, US Airways, American Airlines, MyPoints.com
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/veterans-face-fiscal-minefield-after-active_duty-status-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/veterans-face-fiscal-minefield-after-active_duty-status-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Vets face fiscal minefield	In addition to the loss of pay, service members coming off active duty as the military shrinks will no longer be eligible for interest rate caps under the Servicemembers' Civil Relief Act	veterans benefits interest rates rate caps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reaffirming-old-credit-card-can-result-in-lawsuit-1373.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reaffirming-old-credit-card-can-result-in-lawsuit-1373.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Re-aging old card debt can land you in court	Debt that has passed the statute of limitations should prevent debt collectors from suing you -- unless you mistakenly reaffirmed that the debt is yours 	re-aging debt, debt collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-rules-border-laundering-terrorist-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-rules-border-laundering-terrorist-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Travelers to U.S. can expect new intrusion: prepaid card check	In a move to thwart money laundering and terrorists, proposed U.S. border-crossing rules would include a new intrusion: travelers would have to declare prepaid cards' value 	prepaid, border, cards, crossing, traveler, privacy, card, money laundering, terrorists
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-rules-how-work-border-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepaid-rules-how-work-border-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How new 'Show us your cards' rule would work at the border	A proposed rule to fight money laundering and terrorists would require people entering the U.S. to disclose their prepaid cards' values. Here's how it would work	prepaid, card, border, United States, federal, regulation, crossing, declare, customs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-gift-card-survey-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-gift-card-survey-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gifting, budgeting drive gift card boom	Despite their reputation for being thoughtless gifts, gift cards continue to grow in popularity -- with many using them more as budgeting tools 	gift card, gift card survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-gift-card-survey-chart-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2012-gift-card-survey-chart-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2012 gift card survey chart	A CreditCards.com/Bankrate survey of the top 63 gift cards reveals a changing landscape as issuers and retailers cater to consumer demand 	gift cards, gift card survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vip-experiences-reward-masses-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vip-experiences-reward-masses-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cards increase VIP experience programs	Card companies are stepping up their special offers for cardholders, using their leverage as event sponsors to extend VIP-type perks to more mainstream customers	rewards offers VIP loyalty programs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-money-tips-stressed-moms-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-money-tips-stressed-moms-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 money tips to help stressed-out moms cope	With seven of 10 moms feeling overwhelmed by financial burdens, some mother's little financial helpers can come to the rescue in relieving stress	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/uninsured-6-tips-big-hospital-emergency-room-bill-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/uninsured-6-tips-big-hospital-emergency-room-bill-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No health care insurance? 6 tips to deal with emergency room bills	You'll have to wrestle with  the hospital bureaucracy, but these steps can help the uninsured prevent a big emergency room bill from leading to permanent financial damage	uninsured, health care, emergency room, bill, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-111412-down-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-111412-down-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates slide to 14.96 percent	Nov. 12, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers fell this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, american express, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-nonbank-project_catalyst-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-nonbank-project_catalyst-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB working with bank alternatives	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced an initiative to gather information from companies such as Web-based bank alternatives, signaling the expansion of its watchdog role into emerging financial services	Consumer Financial Protection Bureau financial regulation 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-payments-higher-credit_score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-payments-higher-credit_score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How multiple card payments raise credit scores	If you use your card a lot, making multiple payments in the months reduces your credit utilization, which can help boost your credit score 	credit score, credit utilization, monthly card payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-do-after-data-breach-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-do-after-data-breach-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to expect, what to do after a card data breach	If your card data has been breached, your vulnerability -- and the right self-defense actions -- can vary widely	data, breach, after
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-promotions-special-deals-2012-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-promotions-special-deals-2012-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers roll out limited-time offers for 2012 holidays	By knowing which card to use for which gift, holiday shoppers can stretch their budgets with these special, limited-time discounts and deals	discount, deal, special, holiday, promotions, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/asperger-syndrome-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/asperger-syndrome-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Asperger syndrome adult wants her own credit card	A 29-year-old with Asperger syndrome and under her mother's guardianship wants more freedoms, including a credit card of her own 	credit card, asperger syndrome
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jeff-stibel-dun-brandstreet-business-score-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jeff-stibel-dun-brandstreet-business-score-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How businesses can start on the road to credit	So how do you join those lucky folks in finding bank financing? Today, it takes a very proactive approach to building a strong credit score for your business	business credit scores, PAYDEX, D&B score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-weird-credit-score-strategies-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-weird-credit-score-strategies-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 weird credit score strategies	Some people go to extremes to try and improve their credit scores, adopting tactics that can seem, well, a bit unusual. What’s even odder is that a few of them actually work. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negotiate-before-late-payoff-debt-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negotiate-before-late-payoff-debt-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If deep in debt, can you negotiate before you're late?	You can try to settle for less than full payment if your credit card bills are current, but it may not work, and don't stop payments to force the issue	debt, negotiate, settle, payoff, pay in full, partial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/points-miles-rewards-new_zealand-flight-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/points-miles-rewards-new_zealand-flight-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NZ the EZ way: Fly to New Zealand using miles, points	Earning enough points for a US-New Zealand flight takes patience, but some airline deals now can make it easier 	points, miles, United, American Airlines
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-creative-ways-wrap_gift_cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-creative-ways-wrap_gift_cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 creative ways to wrap gift cards	With a little ingenuity and a few extra bucks, you can turn that 3-1/8x2-1/8 piece of plastic into a thoughtful and guaranteed-to-bring-a-smile present	gift card, wrap, creative,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/antidepressant-use-spending-sprees-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/antidepressant-use-spending-sprees-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When happy meds lead to depressing debt	An unexpected and financially devastating side effect of antidepressants: irrational shopping sprees, gambling jaunts and reckless investments	antidepressants, spending sprees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-bill-pay-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile-bill-pay-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Bill pay goes mobile	More consumers are using their mobile phones to pay their bills, a study has found	mobile bill pay, fiserv, smartphone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fly-new_york-san_francisco-miles-holidays-6223.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fly-new_york-san_francisco-miles-holidays-6223.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which credit card will get me home for the holidays next year?	Choose the right rewards card now to earn a free cross-country trip in a year.	airline, rewards, travel, free ticket
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112112-unchanged-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112112-unchanged-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold at 14.96 percent	Nov. 21, 2012: Interest rates on new card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, bank of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fiscal_cliff-what-to-do-finances-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fiscal_cliff-what-to-do-finances-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How high is your fiscal cliff? 	If we fall off a 'fiscal cliff,' do you know where you would land? Here's what to do now to prepare and soften the impact of expiring tax breaks, spending cuts	fiscal cliff, tax increases, income, personal finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fiscal_cliff-calculator-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fiscal_cliff-calculator-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Calculate your 'fiscal cliff' tax bill	This calculator lets you see what your federal income and Social Security taxes are now, and what they will be if we fall off the 'fiscal cliff'	Calculator, fiscal cliff, taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cut-bare-bones-budget-further-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cut-bare-bones-budget-further-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cut a bare-bones budget even further	If you need to punch another hole in your belt, look again at expenses. If it doesn't feed you, heal you, house you or boost income, cut it	bare-bones, budget, cut, further, expenses, income
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/removing-cosigned-loans-from-credit-reports-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/removing-cosigned-loans-from-credit-reports-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you remove co-signed loans from credit reports?	A mom co-signed her son's student and car loans. Now that he's employed, she wonders if she can get those loans off her credit reports 	co-signed loans, student loans, car loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-boost-credit_card-spending-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumers-boost-credit_card-spending-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumers spend more on cards, but avoid taking on new credit	Consumers are more open to using their cards than they have been in the past. But they're relying on the cards they've got, rather than applying for new ones, according to new Federal Reserve data	credit card, consumer debt, credit card debt, credit card limits, credit account inquiries 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recent-college-grad-debt-payoff-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recent-college-grad-debt-payoff-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does having a high card balance hurt credit score?	A mom wonders if her college grad daughter's high credit card balance and regular payments will help build a good score or hurt it 	college debt, credit score, debt, balance, regular payments, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112812-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112812-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain stuck at 14.96 percent	Nov. 28, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers idled at 14.96 percent for the third straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-holiday-shopping-rewards-spend-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-holiday-shopping-rewards-spend-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Holiday shoppers use rewards to travel, trim card bill	The holidays can be an opportunity to rack up credit card rewards points, miles and cash back. So how will cardholders put their rewards to work after the holidays this year?	holiday shopping, rewards, cash back, travel, rewards cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-reports-ofac-alert-terrorists-dispute-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-reports-ofac-alert-terrorists-dispute-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit reports falsely tag consumers as terrorists, drug traffickers	Credit bureaus are selling lenders special notations on credit reports called OFAC alerts. But some bureaus aren't telling consumers about the alerts -- and aren't allowing them to dispute it 	credit report, OFAC alert, SDN list, transunion, equifax, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent_flier-reward-flight_exclusions-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent_flier-reward-flight_exclusions-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No, you can't earn rewards while flying a free rewards flight	Airlines' exclusions policies limit where you can use frequent flier miles, and that prevents you from earning extra miles while using your free ones	frequent flier, awards, exclusions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuilding-credit-after-defaulting-card-payments-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuilding-credit-after-defaulting-card-payments-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How long after defaulting can you get a new card?	She defaulted on several credit cards years ago, and was even sued for payment on one of them. Now she wants a new credit card. Will she qualify?	credit card, default, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refund-checks-mail-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refund-checks-mail-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card refund check may be in the mail	From now through early 2013, millions of credit and debit card users should get refunds -- some in the hundreds of dollars -- due to settlements over the issuers' misdeeds	refunds, settlements, credit cards, debit cards, add-on
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/duplex-investing-advantages-drawbacks-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/duplex-investing-advantages-drawbacks-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Advantages, drawbacks to owning a duplex	Renting out half a building while living in the rest can be a path to greater wealth, or to grayer hair, depending on the property and your landlording temperament 	duplex, rent, wealth, landlord, screen, tenants, repair
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-120512-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-120512-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates stay put at 14.96 percent	Dec. 5, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 14.96 percent for the fourth consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/laid-off-laden-with-credit-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/laid-off-laden-with-credit-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dealing with credit card debt after being laid off	A single mom is laid off with a son in college and has lots of credit card debt. Will turning to a credit consolidation company help or hurt her dilemma?	credit consolidation company, unemployment, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card_upgrade_hurt_credit-score-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card_upgrade_hurt_credit-score-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Upgrading your card to get more rewards can pay off	Upgrading from the Chase Southwest Visa Plus card to the Southwest Visa Premier gets you a better reward deal. But if the bank treats it like a new account, your credit score could take a hit	rewards, Chase, Southwest Visa, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-smartphone-tips-holiday-shopping-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-smartphone-tips-holiday-shopping-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	11 smartphone tips for holiday shopping 	Ease your holiday shopping experience by employing these handy dandy apps and tips that can save you time and  money while preventing headaches 	mobile phone, holiday shopping, smartphone apps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-new-years-money-resolutions-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-new-years-money-resolutions-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Money-related resolutions hit record high	Saving more, shedding debt are at the top of consumers' New Year's resolution lists	new year's resolutions, financial resolutions, 2013, fidelity, saving, pay of debt, spending less,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-120712-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-120712-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances ratchet up in October	Consumer credit card balances picked up in October after falling the previous month, according to the Federal Reserve's latest G.19 consumer credit report	g19, consumer credit, revolving debt, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-crackdown-kids-mobile-apps-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-crackdown-kids-mobile-apps-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC takes aim at mobile apps for kids	Games and other mobile apps aimed at kids have come under fire for sharing information and allowing in-app charges without adequate disclosure	mobile apps, charges, credit cards, privacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jail-post-bail-bond-online-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jail-post-bail-bond-online-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Growing number of jailers allow credit cards to pay bail 	To the chagrin of traditional bail bond agents, an increasing number of jails allow arrested people to pay their bonds by credit card	jail, bail, bond, post, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-simple-credit-lessons-college-students-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/six-simple-credit-lessons-college-students-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 simple credit lessons for college students	What started out as an emergency card in college can morph into big, long-term debt if you're not careful. Plan carefully before moving on to another card 	credit card debt, college students
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/handyman-affordable-safe-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/handyman-affordable-safe-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding an affordable, safe handyman	Cast a wide net to get a reliable, reasonable person for your home repairs, and this is one area where cheapest isn't always best	handyman, repair, person
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-december-2012-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-december-2012-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Rates to remain at record lows until unemployment improves	If you're thinking about refinancing your home or buying a new car sometime next year, you still have plenty of time to do it. The Federal Reserve announced Wednesday that it will continue to keep the federal funds rate target near zero	federal reserve, fomc, interest rates, federal funds rate target, credit card, prime rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cards-predictions-2013-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cards-predictions-2013-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2013: What's in the (credit) cards for you?	Smartphone magic that lets you breeze through checkout lines? Higher barriers against rapacious card rip-offs? We ask analysts what's ahead in 2013 for credit cards and payments systems	2013, credit cards, predictions, look ahead
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121212-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121212-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 14.96 percent	Dec. 12, 2012: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 14.96 percent for the fifth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-prototype-card-ibm-magnetic-auction-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-prototype-card-ibm-magnetic-auction-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Prototype credit card, up for auction, drawing interest 	A crudely constructed but historic credit card with the first magnetic stripe expected to fetch more than $10,000 at auction 	credit card, history, first, magnetic, stripe, strip, ibm, prototype
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-calls-violations-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-calls-violations-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can debt collectors call your mother?	She owes a debt, but has been avoiding the debt collector's calls. So the collector calls her mother and shares private information. Is this legal?	debt collection, debt collector, FDCPA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-to-make-financial-resolutions-stick-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-to-make-financial-resolutions-stick-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways to make financial resolutions stick	Want to get your financial house in order in 2013? There are some tricks you can use to make sure you will achieve your goals this time around.	financial resolutions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-pulls-back-curtain-on-credit-reporting-agencies-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-pulls-back-curtain-on-credit-reporting-agencies-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer watchdog report details credit bureaus' work	Every wonder what the credit reporting agencies actually do with your credit information before selling it to lenders? You're in luck. The CFPB has issued the first ever comprehensive public report on the big three credit bureaus 	credit report, cfpb, credit report dispute, credit report errors 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-from-superstorm-sandy-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-lessons-from-superstorm-sandy-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit lessons learned from Superstorm Sandy	When Superstorm Sandy hit, the last thing on East Coast residents' minds was their credit score. But having good credit and available credit smooths the bumpy road to recovery 	Superstorm Sandy, credit score, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-paying-with-credit-debit-cards-can-make-you-fat-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-paying-with-credit-debit-cards-can-make-you-fat-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How paying with plastic can make you fat	Dieters, watch out: paying with plastic at the grocery store can make you more likely to load up your cart with donuts, ice cream, potato chips and other fattening foods	credit cards, debit cards, grocery shopping, fat
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/investment-rewards-college-retirement-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/investment-rewards-college-retirement-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Investment cards: Spend today, rewards tomorrow	Several rewards programs help you save for the future. Investment rewards can be deposited directly into retirement or college savings funds	retirement, 529 plans, investment, rewards, college
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-gas-rewards-small_business-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-gas-rewards-small_business-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The best rewards at the pump don't come from gas cards	For small businesses that guzzle gas, it pays to look for the right credit card. The best rewards come from programs that aren't tied to one gas station.	gas, rewards, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-deceased-account-holder-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-deceased-account-holder-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is authorized user liable for deceased's card balance?	When a primary account holder for a credit card dies, an authorized user on the card wonders if he is now responsible for the card's balance 	authorized user, credit card, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-comparison-chart-2012-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-comparison-chart-2012-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2012 airline gift card comparison chart	While most airlines offer gift cards, their terms and conditions vary. Make sure you know what you're getting before you buy	airline, gift card, chart, comparison
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/better-daily_deals-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/better-daily_deals-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 ways credit cards can get you better daily deals	Daily deal offers are getting a fresh boost from credit cards. Here are three ways the new combos make deal-snatching easier	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sticking-with-frugal-lifestyle-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sticking-with-frugal-lifestyle-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to stick with a frugal lifestyle	Everyone wants to save money, but to make frugality a lasting lifestyle, you'll need specific goals and a support group around you	frugal, lifestyle, plan, goal, support, frugality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taxes-tuition-convenience_fee-rewards-worth-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/taxes-tuition-convenience_fee-rewards-worth-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taxes, tuition can rack up rewards, for a fee	Large payments for taxes or tuition can rack up big rewards, but they often come with extra costs -- 'convenience fees.' When does it make sense to pay them?	credit card, rewards, taxes, convenience, fee, tuition, worth
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overdrafts-prepaid-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overdrafts-prepaid-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Overdrafts on prepaid cards: Good deal, or debt trap?	Overdraft programs on prepaid cards are sneaky, high-cost loans that should be outlawed, consumer advocates say.  But some customers of the card company NetSpend couldn't disagree more	prepaid cards, overdrafts, credit, cfpb, rules, regulations, fed, unbanked
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-spent-too-much-christmas-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-spent-too-much-christmas-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! I spent too much on Christmas	She budgeted for holiday gifts, but went way over for the kids. And then, kablooey! There went the car, and here come the bills. Now what? 	holiday budget, christmas, credit card, gifts, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121912-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121912-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain stuck at 14.96 percent	Interest rates remained locked at 14.96 percent for the sixth consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates, credit card delinquencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-bureau-cfpb-new-look-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-bureau-cfpb-new-look-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer bureau begins new look at credit card rules	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau launched a call for comments as part of a study on the Credit CARD Act of 2009	CARD Act, credit cards, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fix-bad-credit-rating-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fix-bad-credit-rating-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to fix your bad credit rating	If you have horrible credit, it doesn't mean it's ruined forever. Knowing how you got there and how to make things right can help 	bad credit, credit help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-prefer-gift-cards-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-prefer-gift-cards-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Gift cards seen as more valuable than higher-priced gifts	Consumers place high value on the flexibility gift cards bring, according to a December 2012 survey by payment processing company First Data	gift cards, holidays, First Data
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maxing_out-business_card-credit_score-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maxing_out-business_card-credit_score-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Regularly broaching credit limit on business card brings risks	Spending the monthly limit on your business credit card is one way to rack up rewards. It can also hurt your credit score -- though business credit use is reported less often than consumer credit use.	business card, credit score, FICO, rewards, credit limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-122612-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-122612-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain stable at 14.96%	Interest rates on credit card offers held steady at 14.96 percent for a seventh week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	interest rates, consumer debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late_payment-credit_score-date-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late_payment-credit_score-date-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	One late payment shouldn't ruin a credit score -- or a romance	If a guy on a date tells you his credit score got ruined by one late payment while he was on vacation, there's probably more to the story	credit score, late payment, dating
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lump-sum-debt-offer-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lump-sum-debt-offer-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What lump sum should I offer to debt collectors to settle?	With $80,000 of student loan debt in default, he wonders if there are any industry standards for settling for less than he owes with the collection agency 	student loan debt, default, settling debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/congress-toughens-loan-protections-active_military-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/congress-toughens-loan-protections-active_military-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Military gets thicker armor against predatory loans	Congress creates new enforcement powers for law that protects soldiers from high-rate payday loans	payday loans, interest rates, military lending act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-things-wont-impact-credit-score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-things-wont-impact-credit-score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 factors that do NOT impact your credit score	Some slip-ups can damage your credit score, but do you know which of your personal and financial attributes have no bearing on that three-digit number?	credit, score, factors, impact, affect
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-010213-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-010213-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates begin 2013 at 14.96 percent	Interest rates on new credit card offers began the new year at a standstill, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loans-90-days-late-mom-cosigned-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loans-90-days-late-mom-cosigned-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom's on the hook for co-signed student loans	A mom co-signed for her kids' student loans, and now payments are way overdue. Mom's credit score is tanking as result. What are her options?	student loans, default, co-signing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-defaults-decline-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-defaults-decline-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit card delinquencies on the decline	Delinquent payments on credit cards hit an 18-year low in the third quarter of 2012, according to numbers from the American Bankers Association	credit card delinquencies, loan, late payment, american bankers association
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american_airlines-cardholder-perks-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american_airlines-cardholder-perks-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American Airlines clarifies elite boarding perk	Citi AAdvantage cardholders will no longer get to board American Airlines flights with elite passengers, but they're still at the front of the Economy queue 	AAdvantage, boarding, American Airlines, Citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-rewards-program-loyalty-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-rewards-program-loyalty-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Groceries top list of most popular rewards programs	When it comes to credit card rewards most desired by consumers, grocery rewards eat everyone else's lunch,  according to research from American Express	rewards programs, loyalty programs, groceries, hotel, airline, american express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-gas_card-dispute-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-gas_card-dispute-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to dispute fraudulent charges on a business gas card	A reader wants to know what rights he has in disputing fraudulent charges made to his company's WEX gas cards. 	business card, gas card, dispute, fraudulent charges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-14-percent-decline-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-14-percent-decline-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies fell 14% in 2012, continuing 2-year decline	Bankruptcy filings for 2012 year show a 14 percent fall, following a 12 percent decline the prior year, as America continues its shaky economic recovery 	bankruptcy, filing, 50 states, Chapter, 7, 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-to-credit-behind-on-bills-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-to-credit-behind-on-bills-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New to credit, behind on bills, worried about job hunt	He started off on the right foot by getting credit and paying bills on time, and then he moved, lost his job and fell behind on payments 	credit report, credit score, missed payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-1207.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-rise-1207.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances pick up for the second month	Consumer credit card balances rose in November for the second consecutive month, according to the Federal Reserve's latest G.19 consumer credit report	consumer credit, g19, credit card, revolving debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-emotional-spending-triggers-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-emotional-spending-triggers-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know the 8 emotional spending triggers	Budget plans usually start with a month or so of data gathering, but that's the easy part. Evaluating why you spend what you do is the trick	spending, data, budget, plan, foreman, frugal, emotional, triggers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-collections-after-death-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-collections-after-death-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to stave off collection attempts after death	A widow is being hounded by debt collectors over her deceased husband's unpaid card debt. What are her rights and how can she stop the calls?	credit card collection attempts, FDCPA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-vs-business_card-benefits-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-vs-business_card-benefits-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Business card benefits outweigh limitations for most businesses	Credit cards aimed at small businesses don't come with many of the protections found in consumer cards. But companies still tend to find them better for business expenses than consumer cards.	business card, consumer card, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-010913-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-010913-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Interest rates hold steady for ninth straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained locked at 14.96 percent for the ninth consecutive week, according to the Credit Cards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiply-reward_points-prepaid-reload-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiply-reward_points-prepaid-reload-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Multiply reward points with prepaid and reload cards	Rewards junkies' newest strategy multiplies points and miles fast using prepaid and reload cards. It's a bit like getting rewards for a cash advance, then using the advance to pay large bills like rent fee-free	rewards, points, frequent flier, Bluebird, Vanilla, MoneyPak
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elite-status-hotels-promotions-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elite-status-hotels-promotions-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Get elite status at hotels faster with rewards cards, promotions 	This is an excellent time to get into a hotel loyalty program with a rewards credit card: Their seasonal promotions can help you achieve 'elite' status faster	elite status, hotels, SPG, Club Carlson
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-high-cost-desperation-loans-avoid-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-high-cost-desperation-loans-avoid-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 last-ditch, high-cost loans to avoid	Overspend on the holidays? A short-term loan may seem like manna from heaven, but some loans may leave you in worse shape than before 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-limits-welfare-tobacco-alcohol-tanf-ebt-snap-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debit-limits-welfare-tobacco-alcohol-tanf-ebt-snap-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	States limit welfare, food stamp debit cards to ban 'sin' purchases	Prodded by abuses, states pass laws preventing food stamp and welfare debit cards from being used to buy tobacco, alcohol, lottery tickets and porn	state, laws, ebt, snap, welfare, food stamps, tobacco, cigarettes, alcohol, debit card, lottery, cruise tickets, porn, adult
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-impact-closing-new_credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-impact-closing-new_credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's the credit score impact of closing a new credit card?	She accidentally activated a card, but already has two in her wallet. Will canceling a card she never used hurt her credit score?	credit score, new card, cancel, impact, close
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumer-credit-outlook-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumer-credit-outlook-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Bankers predict thirst for credit in 2013	Consumers are going to be eating up more of their credit and asking lenders for more, according to a December 2012 survey	credit applications, credit increase, credit line, bankers, survey, FICO, Professional Risk Managers' Internal Association, 2013
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-nhl-hockey-player-derek-sanderson-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-nhl-hockey-player-derek-sanderson-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Facing off with Derek Sanderson	Former fallen-from-grace NHL superstar Derek Sanderson talks about his new-found mission helping fellow athletes  manage their wealth 	Derek Sanderson, NHL
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inexpensive-cheap-couch-reupholstery-ideas-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inexpensive-cheap-couch-reupholstery-ideas-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Inexpensive alternatives to buying a new sofa	Is your old couch about to give up the ghost? From deep cleaning to slipcovers to reupholstering, you have options other than to buy another	couch, new, reupholster, slipcover, clean, worn
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-credit-lessons-teach-daughter-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-credit-lessons-teach-daughter-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 credit lessons all parents should teach their daughters	Home schooling about credit is especially important for daughters, because women with low levels of financial literacy do worse with credit than their male counterparts. So teach these five lessons to your daughters before they leave home	teach, daughter, girls, women, financial literacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile_phone-buying-critical-mass-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile_phone-buying-critical-mass-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Buying by mobile phone hits critical mass	Mobile payments made some headway toward the mainstream in 2012, according to research from IDC Financial Insights	mobile payments, cellphone, mobile phone purchases, digital payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-011613-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-011613-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Interest rates don't budge for 10th straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged for the 10th consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/find-best-business_credit_card-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/find-best-business_credit_card-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to find the best credit card for your business	Your own bank may offer some good business card options, but if you ask, you might be able to get one with a higher credit limit, lower fees and rates and a reward program	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ready-to-buy-a-house-but-have-no-credit-history-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ready-to-buy-a-house-but-have-no-credit-history-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to create a quick credit history for lenders	With down payment in hand to buy her first home, but no credit history, a young woman is frustrated by repeated rejections from lenders 	credit history, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit_counseling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-credit_counseling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Behind the credit counseling curtain	Nonprofit credit counselors benefit from a solid reputation but clients face high dropout rates and difficulty getting information	consumer credit counseling, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consolidation-counseling-agencies-bigger-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consolidation-counseling-agencies-bigger-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit counseling agencies get bigger; but better?	A wave of consolidation is rapidly transforming credit counseling from locally based agencies to national call centers	credit counseling, debt, repayment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-counseling-agencies-executive-salaries-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-counseling-agencies-executive-salaries-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Big credit counseling agencies pay salaries that match	Their clients are at the brink of bankruptcy, but executives at some of the largest nonprofit credit counseling agencies are in the top 1 percent of U.S. earners	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fuel_surcharges-rewards_flights-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fuel_surcharges-rewards_flights-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Watch out for fuel surcharges on reward flights	Beware those hefty fuel surcharges, added by nearly all European and Asian airlines. You can't pay for them with points, which devalues bonus point offers 	fuel surcharges, reward flights, British Airways
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-elite-rewards-change-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-elite-rewards-change-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta's new elite status system adds a credit card incentive 	Delta's rewards system adds spending requirements for elite status in 2014. But Delta AmEx holders may have a workaround	Delta, Skymiles, Delta Skymiles American Express, revenue-based, Medallion Qualification Dollars
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-co-signers-can-protect-themselves-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-co-signers-can-protect-themselves-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways co-signers can protect themselves	Despite warnings from experts, people still co-sign loans for their loved ones. If you must, or already did, at least take these steps to protect yourself	co-signing, protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cccs-debt-relief-choices-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cccs-debt-relief-choices-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare 4 debt relief choices	People who need help getting out from under debt have a number of choices, each with some advantages and pitfalls. Here's an overview	debt relief, credit counseling, debt settlement, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-bad-ways-pay-holiday-debt-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-bad-ways-pay-holiday-debt-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways NOT to pay off holiday credit card debt	While making good on your resolution to pay down your debt is a terrific goal, think twice before resorting to these six sketchy debt pay-off plans	bad ideas, pay off, debt, holiday, 6, six 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emancipated_minor-build-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emancipated_minor-build-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Almost 17, emancipated minor looks to build credit	Just how does a recently emancipated soon-to-be 17-year-old go about building his credit without parental consent?	emancipated minor, credit score, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cheap-food-recipes-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cheap-food-recipes-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	MM-mmm, cheap: Finding inexpensive food, recipes	When you come home tired with hungry mouths to feed, it's easy to take the prepared meal route. A bit of research and planning will yield less costly and more healthy results	food, frugal, cheap, recipes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-012313-dips-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-012313-dips-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Interest rates dip for first time in 10 weeks	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell slightly Wednesday after remaining unchanged for 10 straight weeks, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/badcustomer-jeremy-johnson-ftc-charges-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/badcustomer-jeremy-johnson-ftc-charges-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC broadens case in $275 million 'BadCustomer.com' scam 	Agency goes after relatives, mansion, $1 million in silver, alleging that  ill-gotten gains scammed from credit card holders were shielded from seizure	ftc, jeremy johnson, charges, badcustomer.com, mansion, silver, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/removing-multiple-negative-marks-credit-reports-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/removing-multiple-negative-marks-credit-reports-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	One loan results in multiple marks on credit report	If a delinquent debt is finally settled, can you get the multiple collectors' notations on your credit report removed?	delinquent debt, credit reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-surcharges-allowed-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-surcharges-allowed-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card surcharges now allowed	A court settlement gives retailers the right to recover 'swipe fees' by charging extra for credit card use starting Jan. 27, but will they? 	surcharge, credit cards, fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/love-relationship-debt-turnoff-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/love-relationship-debt-turnoff-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Love me, love my debt? No way, poll says	Attitudes regarding debt loom large over any relationship, and that's especially true for women, who find heavy debt a huge turnoff, says a CreditCards.com survey	survey, poll, debt, relationship, love, money, turnoff
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-consumer-credit-counseling-agencies-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-10-consumer-credit-counseling-agencies-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top 10 nonprofit consumer credit counseling agencies	Slideshow lists the 10 largest nonprofit consumer credit counseling agencies in the U.S. by revenue; their top executives, and executive pay	credit counseling, debt relief, executive pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-will-credit_card-surcharges-take-hold-in-the-us-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-will-credit_card-surcharges-take-hold-in-the-us-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Will credit card surcharges take hold in the U.S.?	Australia's experience with credit card surcharges may hold some clues for what's in store for U.S. merchants and customers	credit card surcharge, swipe fees, settlement, Australia, surcharges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/choosing-a-credit-counseling-agency.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/choosing-a-credit-counseling-agency.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 tips for picking a credit counseling agency	Nonprofit credit counseling agencies are bound by rules that guard against abuses. But some agencies can work better for you than others	credit, counseling, agency, pick, choose, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-risks-business_partner-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-risks-business_partner-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Risks of getting a credit card with a business partner	Hitching your credit to your business partner's can damage your personal score in several different ways	business partner, business credit card, joint credit, risks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-danny-singh-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-danny-singh-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with financial whiz kid Danny Singh	At 11, he took over paying his mom's bills and managing her financial affairs. At 19, he published his second book, this one on fighting foreclosure. Singh dishes on his money lessons	danny singh
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churn-bonus-rewards_points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churn-bonus-rewards_points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which cards can you churn for multiple rewards bonuses?	Canceling cards and signing up for them again to maximize bonus points is a practice known as 'churning.' Some banks make that easier than others	churn, bonus, rewards, sign-up, multiple, cancel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-your-traditional-credit_score-is-becoming-obsolete-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/why-your-traditional-credit_score-is-becoming-obsolete-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why your traditional credit score is becoming obsolete	As millions of Americans recover from the sharpest downturn since the Great Depression, a growing number of credit card issuers are quietly testing new, more comprehensive ways to evaluate customers' creditworthiness	FICO score, credit score, alternative credit scores, nontraditional data, lexisnexis, public records
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-credit-status-jeopardized-solution-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-credit-status-jeopardized-solution-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Daughter's credit in trouble after Mom defaults on shared card	A mom tried to do the right thing by adding her daughter to her credit card account, but then she stopped paying. How will that affect her daughter's credit rating?	authorized user, mom, daughter, credit card, delinquent, stop paying
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/repayment-option-student_loans-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/repayment-option-student_loans-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Repayment options grow for student loan borrowers 	If you're a college grad who used federal student loans to pay for college, you may be eligible for a new income-driven repayment tool: the Department of Education’s Pay As You Earn Repayment Plan 	Pay As You Earn, student loans, income-based, repayment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ravens-49ers-super-bowl-scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ravens-49ers-super-bowl-scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Super Bowl scams can financially injure unwary 49er, Ravens fans	This year's Super Bowl is a hot ticket, but the BBB and NFL merchants warn of rip-offs that can put a big hit on your wallet	super bowl, baltimore ravens, San Francisco 49ers, scams, BBB
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-extended_warranties-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/compare-extended_warranties-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Compare credit card extended product warranties	Most credit cards offer to extend manufacturers' warranties, but you'll have to meet a laundry list of requirements to qualify. If you do, though, you'll get your broken purchase fixed or replaced, without breaking your bank account	extended warranty
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-cost-kitchen-remodeling-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low-cost-kitchen-remodeling-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping costs low on a kitchen remodeling	This common home improvement job can be costly, so choose materials and financing carefully and consider doing some of the job yourself	kitchen, remodel, low cost, save, finance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-january-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-january-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: As long as unemployment is high, rates will remain ultra low	If, after all these years, you still haven't taken advantage of today's historically low interest rates, don't worry. Today's record low rates aren't going to disappear any time soon	federal reserve, fomc, interest rates, federal funds rate, prime rate, unemployment, gdp
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-13013-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-13013-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Rates remain at 14.95 percent	Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady at 14.95 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, interest rates, rate report, apr, discover, citi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-tax-1099k-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-tax-1099k-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	1099-Ks: Small businesses face new tax paperwork, penalties	Credit card issuers and third-party settlement organizations like PayPal are now required withhold 28 percent of gross receipts from merchants who have not given them the company’s correct information 	small business, tax, 1099k, 6050W, withholding
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-buying-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-debt-buying-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC: Debt collectors go hunting with skimpy info for debtors 	About 1 million U.S. consumers a year dispute debts, says a new FTC report, and no wonder: Collectors often have little info on what is owed	debt-buying, debt collection, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refund-anticipation-loans-not-really-gone-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refund-anticipation-loans-not-really-gone-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Refund anticipation loans live on in new disguises	While RALs have effectively been banned, consumers are still being pitched to pay big on costly tax refund advances	refund anticipation loans, payday loans, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/combine-card-balance-into-refinance-advise-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/combine-card-balance-into-refinance-advise-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rolling card debt into home refinance	A couple with huge card debt and high-interest mortgage wonders if rolling the card debt into a new, low-rate refinance makes sense	refinance, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-debt-dealbreaker-for-women-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-debt-dealbreaker-for-women-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Women more likely than men to break up over money	Poor money management skills and heavy debt are a turn-off, especially for women, a CreditCards.com survey has found	debt, relationships, love and money, secret debt, breakup
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-accept-multiple-cards-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-accept-multiple-cards-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which credit cards should your small business accept?	Generally speaking, the more payment options you offer, the easier it will be to make sales. But you have to consider costs.	small business, restaurant, restaurants, accept, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/where-to-file-free-tax-returns-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/where-to-file-free-tax-returns-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	11 options for filing tax returns for free	Want to file your taxes for free? Depending on how much money you make and other factors, you might have several choices for free filing online or in-person with volunteer help.	tax refund, tax returns
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-steps-reestablish-good-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/3-steps-reestablish-good-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 steps to rebuild a thin credit file	After getting into credit card trouble almost 10 years ago, he gave up using plastic. Now he wants to try again with a new card, but how can he qualify?	credit report, credit file, thin credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-valentines_day-promotions-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-valentines_day-promotions-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Promotions can boost rewards on a Valentine's Day splurge	If you play your credit cards right, you can score points from your honey and for yourself by using a rewards card running a Valentine's Day promotion	rewards, cash back, Valentine's Day, gifts, flowers, jewelry
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q4-2012-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q4-2012-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Banks remain reluctant to ease terms on new cards	Banks have made it somewhat easier for consumers to get a new card or qualify for a credit limit increase. However, the pace of change remains glacially slow	credit card, senior loan officer survey, credit limit, apr, Credit CARD Act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smartphone-apps-help-taxes-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/smartphone-apps-help-taxes-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 smartphone apps to help with taxes	Paying Uncle Sam may be a little easier this year, thanks to a flood of new and improved tax apps for your smartphone	smartphone, apps, tax apps
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-thief-movie-qa-jerry-eaton-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity-thief-movie-qa-jerry-eaton-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Identity Thief' screenwriter has identity issues, too	By the time Jerry Eeten's screenwriting career took off with the new Jason Bateman-Melissa McCarthy movie, he'd already left Hollywood to fashion a new identity as a Florida teacher	Jerry Eeten, Florida, teacher, hollywood, movie, identity thief, Jason Bateman 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/massive-scam-200-million-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/massive-scam-200-million-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds bust sophisticated credit card ring that stole $200 million	In a massive manipulation of the credit card system, a New Jersey-based fraud ring stole more than $200 million by creating 7,000 false identities and 25,000 bogus cards	credit, card, fraud, $200 million, ring, make up, pump up, run up
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-020613-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-020613-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Rates tick up to 14.96 percent	Interest rates on new credit card offers inched up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, interest rates, rate report, apr, discover, chase, amazon rewards signature visa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-inexpensive-valentines-day-ideas-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-inexpensive-valentines-day-ideas-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	13 inexpensive Valentine's Day gift ideas	Popular culture invites you to judge your mate's devotion based on how much they spend. Consider these 13 ideas and avoid an unfrugal accident	gift, valentine, 13, ideas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disability-debt-cant-pay-home-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disability-debt-cant-pay-home-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can card issuers take your home if you don't pay?	Coping with a major illness and massive credit card debt, a woman wonders if the card issuers can take her house if she stops payments 	credit card debt, disability, illness, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g-19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-fall-020713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g-19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-card-balances-fall-020713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances slide to end 2012	Consumers' credit card balances fell in December 2012, as concerns about the fiscal cliff overshadowed holiday cheer 	credit cards, balances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-student-loan-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-student-loan-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: In tough job market, student debt grows	Recent grads are caving under the weight of their student loans, a TransUnion study has found	student loans, deferred loans, student debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepare-paperless_social_security-payments-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepare-paperless_social_security-payments-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to prepare for paperless Social Security payments	As of March 1, 2013, paper checks for Social Security and other federal benefits disappeared, replaced by direct deposit or, for those with no bank accounts, prepaid debit cards. Here's how the check-less system works	Social Security, Supplemental Security Income, SSI, digital payments, Direct Express, benefits, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas_station-cards-worthwhile-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gas_station-cards-worthwhile-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it worthwhile for gas stations to accept credit cards?	A small-business owner wonders if it's worth accepting plastic at his new gas station. The answer depends in large part on the local market	small business, gas station, gas stations, accept, cash-only
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/complaints-cfpb-where-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/complaints-cfpb-where-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2012 credit card complaints reveal trouble hot spots	Complaints sent to new federal database paint a nationwide mosaic of misery, and the complainingest people tend to have comfortably high incomes	complaints, credit cards, billing disputes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-credit_score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-credit_score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Authorized user's credit score in jeopardy on shared card	When he was 14, his dad added him to a card account to boost his credit score. Now Dad is mismanaging the card and hurting his son's credit score 	authorized user, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel_rewards-vs-cash-back-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel_rewards-vs-cash-back-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Travel rewards vs. cash back: Do you really want to be practical? 	Cash-back rewards can be used to pay down debts, buy plane tickets, or any number of other things. But there is an aspirational value to travel rewards	travel, rewards, cash-back, debt, aspiration
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-credit-report-mistakes-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-credit-report-mistakes-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC: 1 in 5 Americans has a mistake in credit report	If applied to the 200 million Americans with credit reports, the Federal Trade Commission's findings would mean 40 million have a credit report mistake	credit, report, bureau, agency, mistake, error, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/after-debt-judgment-inheritance-risk-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/after-debt-judgment-inheritance-risk-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After a debt judgment, inheritance may be at risk	She's being sued for past due credit card debt. Can her creditors go after any inherited property or cash down the road?	debt judgment, inheritance, debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-tenant-spare-bedroom-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-tenant-spare-bedroom-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pluses, minuses of renting out a spare bedroom	Turning an empty room into extra cash seems easy, but think through whether you're willing to put up with loss of privacy and other inconveniences	spare, bedroom, room, rend, lease, tenant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-021313-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-021313-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Rates hold steady at 14.96 percent	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 14.96 percent, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, rate report, apr, interest rates, promotional interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american_airlines-us_airways-merger-credit_card-battle-1863.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american_airlines-us_airways-merger-credit_card-battle-1863.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	American, US Airways merger could launch credit card battle	While American Airlines and US Airways struck notes of love and harmony when announcing their merger, the union could set up a battle between two major banks over who can offer credit cards to customers of the world’s largest airline	American Airlines, US Airways, Barclay, Citi, merger, frequent, flyer, flier
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fund-startup-business-risks-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fund-startup-business-risks-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you fund your startup business with a credit card?	We’ve all read articles about entrepreneurs who borrowed their startup money on credit cards -- and built wildly profitable companies. But credit card financing is very risky business	fund, startup, small business, credit card, risks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-report-errors-education-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-report-errors-education-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit report errors hit less-educated harder	Are those with less education more likely to be victimized by credit report errors? That's what a report issued by the Federal Trade Commission suggests	credit report, errors, mistakes, education
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/should-you-settle-or-pay-in-full-delinquent-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/should-you-settle-or-pay-in-full-delinquent-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit score impact of settling a debt or paying it in full	A debt collector can wipe its hands of you if you accept the settlement offer on a delinquent debt, but how does that impact your credit score?	credit score, debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-bankers-association-card-act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-bankers-association-card-act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankers' group: CARD Act raised rates, lowered credit access	The 3-year-old federal credit card reform law is a mixed bag, banking lobby group says, but hurt consumers access to credit and raised rates 	aba, credit card act, 3 years, american bankers association, rates, transparency, subprime
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-022013-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-022013-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates slip to 14.95 percent	Interest rates on new credit card offers fell Wednesday for the first time in nearly a month, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, rate report, interest rates, promotional interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-teen-clothing-allowance-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-teen-clothing-allowance-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for setting up a teen's clothing allowance	With their own allowances, teens make their own choices -- and some will be doozies -- but you'll reduce friction and sneak in a financial lesson or two.	teen, teenager, clothing, allowance, choice, style
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-graduate-seeks-adult-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/college-graduate-seeks-adult-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Soon-to-be college grad seeks adult plastic	Graduating from college means new beginnings and responsibilities, including putting that student credit card aside and applying for grown-up plastic	credit cards, college students, student credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-status-doesnt-always-help-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-status-doesnt-always-help-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When authorized user status works against you	A 27-year-old with less-than-stellar credit is only jeopardizing her credit more by adding herself to her mom's card with a really high balance 	authorized user, credit score, credit reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-limit-utilization-ratio-use-charge-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-limit-utilization-ratio-use-charge-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit limit tricks: Keep a high score while still using your card	Forget the oft-repeated personal finance axiom about keeping card balances below 30 percent of your credit limit. Just know your monthly credit 'snapshot' date to keep your card balances low and your credit score high	credit limit, utilization, ratio, use, charge
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-tax-information-small_business-credit_card-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-tax-information-small_business-credit_card-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting tax information from a closed small-business account	Banks can close your credit card account for any number of reasons. But you are entitled to get the information you need to file tax returns for your small business	tax, small business, closed, canceled, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-reward_card-priority_boarding-flights-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-reward_card-priority_boarding-flights-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best reward cards for priority boarding on flights	Most airline rewards cards list 'priority boarding' as a perk, but that may not mean what you think. You'll get aboard before the hordes, but after premium seat holders and elite cardholders	rewards, mileage, early boarding, priority boarding, Zone 1, Group 1, frequent flier, frequent flyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/illegal-credit_report-access-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/illegal-credit_report-access-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Has your credit report been viewed illegally?	Though most credit report inquiries are legitimate, some aren't. The information contained there can be used to steal your identity, damage your credit or breach your privacy	credit report, FICO, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-customer_data-small_business-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-customer_data-small_business-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Hackers up the ante for small-business data security	It’s getting trickier for small-business owners to keep customers’ credit card information safe. Still, there are steps you can take. They're not free, but can save you money in the long run	security, small business, POS, point of sale, data, breach, protect, protecting
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-payoff-quickly-slowly-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-payoff-quickly-slowly-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay off card debt slowly or all at once?	If you're carrying credit card debt, is it better for your credit score to pay it all off in one fell swoop or in smaller installments?	credit card debt, payoff, quickly, slowly
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-aba-issuers-stingier-card_act-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-aba-issuers-stingier-card_act-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Issuers stingier with credit post-CARD Act	Since the CARD Act went into effect in early 2010, you need a higher credit score to get more measly credit limits, according to the American Bankers Association 	credit limits, credit score, card act, recession, available credit, american bankers association, CFPB
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-complaint-data-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-complaint-data-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card complaints zing companies	Newly published complaint data give a look at card issuers' relationships with customers -- and which companies are likely to pay back a customer with a gripe	credit cards, complaints, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-refund-id-theft-ftc-complaints-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tax-refund-id-theft-ftc-complaints-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tax refund theft surges in FTC's list of consumer complaints	A surge in tax refund ripoffs solidified identity theft as the top consumer complaint in the Federal Trade Commission's annual list	ftc, federal trade commission, complain, complaint, tax refund, ripoffs, thieves, id theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-alternative_financing-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-alternative_financing-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Creative financing for small businesses	Every small-business owner needs credit at some point. Unfortunately, traditional bank loans can be tough to get. But there are alternative financing solutions that could help when traditional credit isn't an option	small business, credit, financing, alternative, crowdsourcing, loans, funding
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-022713-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-022713-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold at 14.95 percent	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained static Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, wells fargo, interest rates, credit card mailings, consumer confidence
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/work-hours-cutback-budget-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/work-hours-cutback-budget-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Work hours cut back? You have hard budget choices ahead	A 10 percent reduction in hours means a sudden drop in pay and new budgeting choices. They won't be easy, but here's where to start looking	budget, cut back, hours, work, pay, trim, cut 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/q4-new-york-fed-report-credit-card-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/q4-new-york-fed-report-credit-card-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer debt market shows signs of 'healing'	As 2012 drew to a close, the overall consumer debt market showed signs it is finally on the mend, says research from the New York Fed	consumer credit, household debt, credit card debt, credit card limits, household debt and credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-prevent-debt-haunting-heirs-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-steps-prevent-debt-haunting-heirs-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 steps to prevent your debt from haunting your heirs	If you’ve got debt and die tomorrow, don’t assume it will disappear. Chances are, it will eat into the assets you’re planning to leave for your heirs and may even wipe out your estate.	debt, death, heirs, assets, estate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mileage-cards-US_Airways-American-merger-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mileage-cards-US_Airways-American-merger-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How will the airline merger affect my US Airways miles?	It's too early to know exactly how the merger will play out. But there are a number of changes you can anticipate and steps you can take to maximize your mileage	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/choose-best-rewards-small_business-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/choose-best-rewards-small_business-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to pick the best rewards card for your business	Finding the right business card means finding one that rewards you for what you spend on. But don't forget to count up the card's fees, too	rewards, small business, business card, frequent flier, choosing, choose
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-things-not-to-say-to-someone-in-financial-crisis-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-things-not-to-say-to-someone-in-financial-crisis-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 things not to say to someone in a financial crisis	What do you say to someone who confides in you to having severe money woes? Do you chide them for not being more responsible? Or do you change the subject?	financial advice, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disabled-son-sued-for-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disabled-son-sued-for-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disabled son gets sued for maxed out credit card	He can't work and lives off of $712 a month and maxed out a credit card. Now he's being sued. His mom worries the court will garnish his disability payments 	credit card debt, collection agency, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-mother-find-part-time-work-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-mother-find-part-time-work-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Moms: Finding part-time work tough, but possible	A mother's schedule makes it harder to find a part-time job, but not impossible, if you just stop thinking like a job-seeker. Instead, think like a needs-filler 	job, part-time, mother, unemployed, employer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-court-expect-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-court-expect-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Taken to court for card debt? What to expect	If you have been served a summons to appear in court over unpaid card debt, the legal journey will unfold in six stages. Know what they are 	court, sue, lawsuit, judgment, credit card, debt, creditor, summons, garnish
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-FTC-complaints-tax-refund-theft-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-FTC-complaints-tax-refund-theft-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: ID theft tops FTC complaints list	Identity thieves are shifting strategies, as evidenced by a surge in tax refund fraud, according to the Federal Trade Commission	ftc, identity theft, tax refund theft, fraud, consumer complaints
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-medical-bills-impact-credit-reports-scores-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-medical-bills-impact-credit-reports-scores-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do medical bills show up on credit reports?	She wants to buy a house, but wonders if her medical bills are what's keeping potential lenders from offering to help her with a mortgage	medical bills, credit reports, mortgage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-030613-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-030613-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Card rates remain at 14.95 percent for 3rd straight week	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 14.95 percent Wednesday for the third consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit card, apr, discover, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-points-business-100-annual-fee-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-points-business-100-annual-fee-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best business credit cards in the $100 fee tier	If you want more business card rewards than a free card, but balk at a massive annual fee, consider these mid-tier choices, whose sign-up bonuses and ongoing rewards help defray the costs	business card, small business, bonus, rewards, points, sign-up bonus, mid-range, fee, annual, tier, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-financial-moves-college-seniors-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-financial-moves-college-seniors-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 smart financial moves for college seniors, new graduates	Many soon-to-be college grads are woefully unprepared for the financial challenges ahead. Take these crucial steps before tossing that cap into the air 	college graduates, financial tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-3072013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-3072013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances rise in January	Credit card balances rose in January, as a fiscal cliff cut in take-home pay and higher prices at gasoline pumps caused consumers to lean more on their plastic	credit cards, federal reserve, g.19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant_information-print-receipt-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant_information-print-receipt-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What merchant information is required on receipts? 	Small business owners don't have to print their contact details on receipts, but it's good practice from a tax and marketing standpoint	small business, store, retailer, shop, receipt, address, phone number, telephone, merchant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-geir-ness-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-geir-ness-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Funding dreams on credit: Fragrance creation	Geir Ness created his own fragrance line by charging $12,000 on his credit cards to work with a perfumer and manufacture the first 1,000 bottles	credit card dreams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/helaine-olen-pound_foolish-personal-finance-qa-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/helaine-olen-pound_foolish-personal-finance-qa-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Pound Foolish' author Helaine Olen takes on personal finance 'gurus'	In her book, the self-confessed former money dummy skewers the dispensers of personal finance advice for their ill-fitting generic 'wisdom'	helaine olen, pound foolish, q&a
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-company-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-questions-company-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 questions to ask about your company credit card	Charging your plane ticket and hotel on a company card has big shot appeal, but know that it's a perk with responsibilities and maybe personal credit risk	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-job-retirement-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no-job-retirement-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Out of cash, out of work and in debt	An unemployed couple can't find work in their new state of residence, keep using plastic to get by, but can't keep up with their credit card bills 	unemployment debt, credit card bills, Georgia unemployment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ask-higher-credit_limit-lower-interest_rate-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ask-higher-credit_limit-lower-interest_rate-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Asking for a lower interest rate, higher limit on your credit card	Following a brief lapse, a reader has restored her good payment habits and wants a higher credit limit and lower interest rate. Will her wishes be granted? 	credit limit request, lower interest rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-kenny-golde-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-kenny-golde-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Funding dreams on credit: Film financing	Kenny Golde maxed out multiple credit cards and took out a business loan to finish a movie that went over budget, for total debt of $220,000	credit card dreams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-gene-hamilton-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-gene-hamilton-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Funding dreams on credit: Bike champ	Gene Hamilton charged as much as $10,000 every year during mountain bike racing season for gas, hotels and airfare and spent the rest of the year paying it off	gene hamilton, bike, charge, dream, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-michelle-michael-ware-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-michelle-michael-ware-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Funding dreams on credit: Vintage arcades	Michelle and Michael Ware maxed out their card at $25,000 to start their vintage arcade game business, only paying the minimum due until things took off 	credit card dreams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-jeremy-jones-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/funding-dreams-on-credit-jeremy-jones-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Funding dreams on credit: Travel junkie	Jeremy Jones strategically opened travel rewards cards to get promotional bonus deals to fund his goal of traveling around the world	credit card dreams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-031313-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-031313-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Credit card interest rates stay at 14.95 percent 	Interest rates on new credit card offers remained flat this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, credit card interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-couples-divide-financial-responsibilities-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-couples-divide-financial-responsibilities-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: How men, women divide money-related chores	A 2013 TD Ameritrade survey finds that when couples tackle the household finances, women tend to do the day-to-day chores, men the long-terms plans	couple money, joint finances, marriage, household finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Medical credit cards: Treatment today, payment headaches tomorrow	Some say they're a savior in a medical crisis, while consumer advocates decry their high interest rates and few protections 	medical credit cards, CareCredit, Health Advantage, Citi Health card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-health-care-credit-cards-5-tips-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-health-care-credit-cards-5-tips-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 tips when comparing health-care credit cards	Facing a medical bill you can't afford all at once? Before you consider applying for a medical credit card, know what you're getting into  	medical credit cards, 5, fiver, tips, compare
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-credit-cards-health-care-financing-chart-2013-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-credit-cards-health-care-financing-chart-2013-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Health-care financing comparison chart	Fewer health-care financing options populate the market since the recession. Compare the terms and conditions of the top medical credit cards and loans before you apply 	medical credit cards, health-care credit cards, CareCredit, Citi Health Card, Wells Fargo Health Advantage card, Access One MedCard, American Healthcare Lending, Springstone Patient Financing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-who-funded-dreams-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-who-funded-dreams-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 who funded their dreams on credit	Do you have a big aspiration, but a small bank account? Check out how these five people went into debt to fulfill their fantasies, and the lessons they learned	credit cards, dreams
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/track-mileage-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/track-mileage-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is there any easy way to track points and miles?	Third-party websites and apps are the way to go if you're looking to manage multiple rewards programs more easily. AwardWallet is one of the best tools around -- but it has a major limitation	rewards, track, points, miles, AwardWallet
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/who-pays-expenses-company-goes-bankrupt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/who-pays-expenses-company-goes-bankrupt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who pays your expenses if your company goes bankrupt?	Technically, you could be on the hook for unpaid expenses you charged if the company goes belly up, but in practice, employees are pretty safe 	employee, company, bankrupt, expenses, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/collectible-expiration-date-old-debt-statute-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/collectible-expiration-date-old-debt-statute-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Expiration dates fuzzy on old card debt	Card issuers' rules and conflicting case laws make it tough to tell when a consumer's debt ages past the statute of limitations	statute of limitations, credit card, unpaid debt, debt collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emancipated-minors-get-credit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emancipated-minors-get-credit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Emancipated minors may get freedom, but don't count on credit	Emancipation is a rare legal course followed by youthful celebrities and a few regular youths. You gain independence, but not credit	emancipation, emancipated, minor, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tell-when-card-debt-expires-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tell-when-card-debt-expires-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to tell when card debt legally expires	The statute of limitations in your state is a starting point to tell if a debt is too old to be dragged in front of a judge	statute, limitations, card, how to tell, expire
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-versus-debt-rules-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-versus-debt-rules-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt vs. savings: Who gets paid first?	When facing student loans and other debts, saving for emergencies may seem counterproductive. But without a cushion, you're more likely to face financial peril 	debt pay-off strategies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-consumer-bureau-cfpb-court-challenge-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-consumer-bureau-cfpb-court-challenge-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Consumer bureau faces court challenge	A court ruling calls into question the recess appointment of CFPB director Richard Cordray, but experts expect a political solution	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-march-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-march-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed stays the course on interest rates	The Federal Open Market Committee reaffirmed that ultra-low interest rates will continue in an effort to spur job growth	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jane-austen-guide-to-thrift-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jane-austen-guide-to-thrift-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: 'Jane Austen's Guide to Thrift'	In their new book, Jane Austen fans Kathleen Anderson and Susan Jones proudly apply the romantic novelist's financial sensibilities to today's money problems	jane austen, kathleen anderson, susan jones, author, book, qa
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-traveling-credit-card-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-traveling-credit-card-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for traveling with credit cards	There's more to smooth travel than just keeping your cards working. Here are 10 tips to make your travels with plastic cheaper, easier and more enjoyable	credit card, travel, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-032013-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-032013-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Card interest rates hold steady at 14.95% for 5th week 	March 20, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained fixed this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	credit, card, new offer, interest rates, average, apr
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-debt-clouds-retirement-optimism-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-debt-clouds-retirement-optimism-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Debt clouds retirement optimism	Large amounts of debt has workers feeling pessimistic about their ability to retire in financial security	retirement, debt, employee benefit research institute
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-old-debt-can-lead-to-seized-assets-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-old-debt-can-lead-to-seized-assets-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How old debts can lead to seized assets	Just because you think a debt is beyond the statute of limitations doesn't mean you can ignore a court summons or bill collector lawsuits	wage garnishment, court summons, statute of limitations
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wise-get-second-business_credit_card-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wise-get-second-business_credit_card-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How wise is it to get a second small business credit card?	If you're thinking of transferring the balance on your small business card to one with a lower interest rate, there may be better options than getting a second card	second, 2nd, small business, business card, business credit card, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prevent-miles-expiring-without-airline-credit_card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prevent-miles-expiring-without-airline-credit_card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Without my airline credit card, how do I keep my miles from expiring?	Most airlines require you to use (or lose) your miles now and then. But you don't have to take a flight to keep them from expiring	miles, points, American Airlines, AAdvantage, MileagePlus, expire, expiring, forfeit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/find-check-parental-inheritance-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/find-check-parental-inheritance-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to check whether your parents left you an inheritance	Emotions, time and distance can cloud memories, so if you think you may be missing out on an inheritance, go for the records	inheritance, find, parents, parental, claim
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-hidden-credit-card-perks-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/11-hidden-credit-card-perks-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	11 hidden credit card perks	The phrase 'credit card fine print' is usually associated with unpleasant, expensive gotchas, but these surprises bring good news to your wallet	credit, card, perk, protection, 11, eleven
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/will-canceling-new-credit-card-hurt-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/will-canceling-new-credit-card-hurt-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will credit score suffer with new card cancellation?	Just how much will your credit score be impacted if you open a new credit card, pay it off right away, and then cancel it?	credit score, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-young-adults-ditch-homeownership-rack-up-student-loans-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-young-adults-ditch-homeownership-rack-up-student-loans-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Young adults ditch homeownership, rack up student loans	While young people's post-recession lifestyles include fewer homes, fewer cars and less credit card debt, their student loan debt has skyrocketed	student debt, mortgage debt, young people, credit card debt, Pew
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-032713-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-032713-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain stuck at 14.95 percent 	March 27, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lawsuit-loans-under-fire-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lawsuit-loans-under-fire-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cash-now promise of lawsuit loans under fire	Lawsuit loans -- cash advances given to lawsuit filers before a case is settled -- are the latest fast-growing, high-fee lending industry to draw controversy and attempts at regulation 	lawsuit, loan, legal, regulation, settlement, non-recourse
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-clear-paid-judgment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-clear-paid-judgment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to clear a judgment from your records	She repaid the collector after a judgment was placed against her, but the judgment remains after the collector folded. How does she clear the record?	debt collection, judgments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-business_card-off-personal-credit_record-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-business_card-off-personal-credit_record-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping business credit off of your personal record	Small business credit cards require the owner to personally guarantee them. Does that mean they show up on your personal credit record? Not necessarily	business card, small business, personal credit record, business credit card, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-signup_bonuses-american_express-starwood-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-signup_bonuses-american_express-starwood-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Canceling card, reapplying won't earn multiple sign-up bonuses	Canceled your credit card and reapplied, hoping for a second sign-up bonus? You may be out of luck. It's not so easy to churn cards for rewards anymore	multiple, signup bonus, churn, points, rewards, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-you-sue-for-damaged-credit-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-you-sue-for-damaged-credit-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Damaged credit: Can you sue?	While holding others accountable for inaccurate and costly credit hits is a recent legal phenomenon, courts are recognizing that good credit is a valuable asset	good credit, suing for credit damage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-financial-worries-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-financial-worries-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Lack of savings consumers' biggest financial worry	To kick off Financial Literacy Month, the National Foundation for Credit Counseling asked consumers which money matters worry them most	financial literacy month, national foundation for credit counseling, nfcc, network branded prepaid card association
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-tax-payment-methods-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-tax-payment-methods-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: More taxpayers reaching for credit cards	Most Americans will use checking or savings accounts to pay their taxes this year. But more are reaching for credit cards	taxes, paying taxes, tax payment methods, credit cards, tax refunds, tax payment statistics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vacation-layaway-plans-grow-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/vacation-layaway-plans-grow-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Vacay layaway: Pay now, enjoy later plans spread to vacations	Cruises, airlines and travel agencies turn to layaway financing options so dreams of faraway places can come true, debt-free 	layaway, vacation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-long-old-debt-stays-on-credit-reports-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-long-old-debt-stays-on-credit-reports-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How long does old debt stay on credit reports?	If a debt is reported as being charged off and passes the state statute of limitations, when does it drop off your credit report?	old debt, statute of limitation, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-get-18-year-old-started-with-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-get-18-year-old-started-with-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Starting an 18-year-old on the road to credit	His parents sank into debt after marriage, but learned from their mistakes. How do they stop their 18-year-old son from repeating history?	young credit, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-freeze-meat-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frugal-freeze-meat-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Frugal freezer tips for proper meat storage	Buying meat in bulk and freezing it can save you hundreds of dollars in food costs, but beware the dreaded freezer burn. Here's how to avoid it	frugal, freeze, meat
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-040313-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-040313-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold at 14.95 percent for seventh week 	April 3, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers lingered at 14.95 percent for the seventh straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-can-credit-card-issuer-close-account-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-can-credit-card-issuer-close-account-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When can an issuer close your credit card account?	Credit card companies can cancel your account for any number of reasons, even if you're paying on time -- and they don't have to warn you about it. Here's what you can do	cancel, cancellation, canceled, closed, close, account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-wedding-expenses-charge-credit_card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-wedding-expenses-charge-credit_card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 wedding expenses you should always charge on credit	Wedding-related mishaps can turn any mild-mannered bride into a bridezilla, but sometimes your credit card can come to the rescue	wedding charges, charge-backs, refund, dispute
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/good_debt-small_business-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/good_debt-small_business-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is there any such thing as good debt for a small business?	Debt is often associated with poor planning or being in financial straits. But for a small business, there are times when it's smart to use debt as a financing option. Knowing when is the tricky part 	debt, borrow, small business, good debt, loan, business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-4052013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-4052013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances rise in February	Credit card balances rose in February as consumer spending increased, despite the specter of pending budget cuts 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-liable-partners-debt-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-liable-partners-debt-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will I inherit my partner's debt when I go into business with him?	If you're joining up with a business owner who already has some credit card debt, be careful. Depending on the type of account he's got, you could lose out if he fails to pay up	small business, partner, debt, liable, joint and several
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-fall-30-percent-q1-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-filings-fall-30-percent-q1-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy filings plunge in first quarter of 2013	Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy fillings fell the most in states hard hit by the recession, including Nevada and California 	bankruptcy, filings, state
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airtran-hilton_hhonors-changes-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airtran-hilton_hhonors-changes-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AirTran, Hilton HHonors cards change; how it affects you	An airline merger and reshuffle of Hilton's loyalty program bring changes for frequent travelers. If you have credit cards that earn rewards for those programs, here's what to expect	rewards, points, loyalty, mileage, AirTran, Southwest Airlines, Hilton, HHonors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-no-job-denied-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-no-job-denied-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student with no job denied credit	With student loans as her only income source, it's no surprise that a medical student is turned down for a higher-limit Amazon card	student credit, credit cards, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumers-prefer-mobile_banking-to-mobile_payments-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumers-prefer-mobile_banking-to-mobile_payments-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Consumers prefer mobile banking to mobile payments	Proponents of mobile payment technology tout the convenience of leaving your wallet at home. Yet, while consumers are eager to bank by phone, they're not sold on buying by phone	mobile payments, mobile payment apps, federal reserve, mobile banking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-robert-kiyosaki-a_students-book-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-robert-kiyosaki-a_students-book-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: Why Robert Kiyosaki thinks our education system is a bust	In his new book on "Why 'A' students work for 'C' students," Robert Kiyosaki talks about why our current education system is churning out poor kids 	robert kiyosaki
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/successful-yard-sale-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/successful-yard-sale-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 keys to successful yard sales: prepare, advertise, organize	If you just want to clean clutter, do the minimum. But to make above-average dough, you need to create a better-than-average yard sale	yard, sale, prepare, advertise, orgranize
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-buyer-robo-signing-under-fire-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-buyer-robo-signing-under-fire-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Robo-signed collection cases under fire	Practices that let debt buyers win collection judgments with just hurriedly signed affidavits appear headed for a major overhaul	robo-signing, debt buyers, debt collection, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-finance-options-young-entrepreneurs-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-finance-options-young-entrepreneurs-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit and finance options for young entrepreneurs	If you're a student or new grad trying to get credit for a startup, your options may be limited. Alternatives exist, however, if you're creative, ambitious -- and lucky	entrepreneur, startup, crowdfunding, small business, student, grad, graduate, funding
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-041013-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-041013-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates stay at 14.95% for eighth straight week	April 10, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained at 14.95 percent once again this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/miles-company-card-own-taxable-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/miles-company-card-own-taxable-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are miles earned on my employer's credit mine, and are they taxable? 	A frequent flier wonders if miles earned on her organization's card are hers. And if so, how does the IRS treat them?	miles, rewards, points, frequent flier, frequent flyer, IRS, tax, company credit card, corporate credit card, mileage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deceased-husbands-debt-haunts-wife-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deceased-husbands-debt-haunts-wife-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Deceased husband's debt haunts wife	Three years after he passed, his wife receives a 1099-C form for his credit card debt cancellation. Does she have to report this on her income tax return?	1099-C, debt cancellation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/GAO-report-ATM_surcharges-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/GAO-report-ATM_surcharges-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GAO: ATM surcharges climbing	The average ATM surcharge at banks and credit unions is up 20 percent since 2007, not counting inflation, a GAO report says	gao, report, atm, surcharge
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-credit-card-taboo-subject-2013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/poll-credit-card-taboo-subject-2013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Poll: Card debt the No. 1 taboo subject	Credit card debt? Shhhh! It's the No. 1 taboo subject, ahead of sex,  politics and religion as a conversational no-no, says a CreditCards.com poll	credit card debt, taboo
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-ATM-fees-on-the-rise-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-ATM-fees-on-the-rise-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: ATM fees on the rise	ATM surcharges are on the rise, but consumers are pretty adept at avoiding them, according to an April 2013 report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office.	atm fees, surcharges, gao, government accountability office, banks, credit unions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bill-forgotten-hurricane-sandy-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-bill-forgotten-hurricane-sandy-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Late fees inflate balance of forgotten card	She opened a card, charged $100 and then Hurricane Sandy hit and she forgot all about it. Now it's in a collector's hands and the balance is $300	hurricane sandy, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/saving-money-store-generic-brands-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/saving-money-store-generic-brands-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting your family to eat generic grocery store brands	When your family already likes the taste of a name brand, switching to a generic store brand isn't easy. But with some sleuthing, you can improve your odds	generic, store, brand, eat, save, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-041713-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-041713-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card rates mired at 14.95 percent for 9th week	April 17, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers have stalled out, and remained at 14.95 percent for the ninth consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	credit, card, interest, rates, percent, rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceling-card-hurt-credit_score-1274.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceling-card-hurt-credit_score-1274.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will canceling cards hurt a great credit score?	Her credit score is 790, but with seven credit cards open, she wonders if she can cancel some without hurting her score	credit score, credit cards, canceling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chapter-13-bankruptcy-how-it-works-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chapter-13-bankruptcy-how-it-works-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chapter 13 bankruptcy: How it works	Unlike Chapter 7 liquidation plans, Chapter 13s give filers a chance to pay off debts over three to five years -- but they rarely turn out as planned	bankruptcy, chapter 13, 13, 7, plan, consumer, file
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business_card-debt-credit_record-divorce-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business_card-debt-credit_record-divorce-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will my husband's business card debt hurt my credit after divorce?	You could be responsible for payments due on your spouse's small-business credit card, even after you divorce. The answer lies in your state's divorce laws, the credit card issuer's policies and whether you signed the card agreement	divorce, small business, business credit card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carrot-stick-late_payer-rewards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carrot-stick-late_payer-rewards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Carrots offered, sticks abandoned: Card issuers lure late payers 	If you run a balance on your credit card and even maybe pays late sometimes, credit card issuers would like your business. To lure you, they're offering rewards for paying on time and reprieves from late fees	late, late payments, late payers, late fee, penalty APR, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-fraud-survey-1-in-10-swindled-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-fraud-survey-1-in-10-swindled-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC fraud survey: 1 in 10 American adults swindled	Weight-loss scams, prize promotions, membership rip-offs lead the phony pack in the Federal Trade Commission's survey of swindles	Consumer, fraud, united states, Federal Trade Commission, FTC, swindle, scam
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chip-pin-emv-upgrade-europe-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chip-pin-emv-upgrade-europe-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How can I upgrade to a chip card before a trip to Europe?	Customer service tells a traveler he won't need a smart-chip card in Europe. But many kiosks won't accept cards without them. There are a couple of avenues left to pursue to get an upgrade without having to apply for a whole new card	chip-and-PIN, chip-and-signature, chip, EMV, Europe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-does-bad-debt-fall-off-credit-reports-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-does-bad-debt-fall-off-credit-reports-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When does bad debt fall off credit reports?	If you have debts that went into collections and were later discharged in bankruptcy, when can you expect those marks to be erased from your credit reports?	bad debt, credit report, collections, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-off-debt-now-later-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-off-debt-now-later-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt pay-off choices: Less now or a lot later	You can save now by paying an old debt at a discount, but consider your credit over the long run before making up your mind	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-crucial-credit-questions-know-answers-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-crucial-credit-questions-know-answers-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 crucial credit questions you should know answers to	Not keeping current on the state of your finances can have dire consequences. Here are six money questions everyone should know the answers to 	credit questions, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-big-data-author-viktor_mayer-schonberger-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-big-data-author-viktor_mayer-schonberger-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Scared of Big Brother? Too late, says 'Big Data' co-author	As more companies tap into the huge amounts of data to measure consumer behavior, "Big Data" co-author Viktor Mayer-Sch&ouml;nberger says it's not really a bad thing 	big data, Viktor Mayer-Schonberger
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit_card-debt-uncomfortable-discuss-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit_card-debt-uncomfortable-discuss-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Most people won't discuss credit card debt	Credit card debt is the subject people least want to discuss with a stranger, according to a CreditCards.com poll 	credit card debt, taboo topics, talking about debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-reasons-budgets-fail-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-reasons-budgets-fail-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 reasons budgets fail - and what to do about them	Budgets can be a valuable tool to control spending, but many fail. Be wary of these five budget-bursting culprits, and learn how to prevent yours from flopping	budget, fail, reasons
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-fed-study-change-consumer-spending-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-fed-study-change-consumer-spending-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed study: Recession really changed our spending habits	We didn't just have our credit cards taken away during the recession, we gave them up. So says a new New York Fed study, which says the historic drop in debt was at least partly the result of households tightening their belts	household debt, credit cards, consumer spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-042413-down-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-042413-down-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates fall to 14.93 percent	April 24, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers dipped this week for the first time in more than two months, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, credit card rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-pay-off-card-debt-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-pay-off-card-debt-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Withdrawing vs. borrowing from 401(k) to pay credit card debt	When downsizing or job loss makes credit card debt unbearable, the 401(k) money looks tempting. But whether you take it or borrow against it, know the consequences	401k, borrow, withdraw, irs, penalties
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payday-lending-rules-coming-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payday-lending-rules-coming-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds crack down on payday loans, deposit advances	Banks and storefront lenders will face new rules on small-dollar loans to protect borrowers from a treadmill of high-cost debt	bank, payday, loans, borrowers, regulators, federal, agencies, deposit advance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stop-debt-shuffle-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stop-debt-shuffle-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stop the debt shuffle, and figure out why you owe so much	You have $55,000 in card debt. Now you want to borrow against a life insurance policy? Stop. Look at why you're in debt before you go any deeper 	life insurance, credit card debt, shuffle, borrow,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2013-survey-balance-transfer-offers-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2013-survey-balance-transfer-offers-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2013 survey of balance transfer offers	CreditCards.com's annual balance transfer offer survey finds fees are falling, but a new breed of tempting hybrid cards is on the rise	balance transfer credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-small_business-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-small_business-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rebuilding credit to run your new business	If your personal credit is in the basement and you want to start up a business, getting a business card will be tough -- but not impossible. Here's how	rebuild, repair, bad credit, subprime, secured credit card, small business, business card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/add_on-products-comeback-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/add_on-products-comeback-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card add-on products stage a comeback	Add-on services such as payment protection are expected to rebound from regulators' smackdown	payment protection, card, add-on, services
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-hotel-apps-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-hotel-apps-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I get more rewards by using my hotel's app?	Hotel chains are creating smartphone apps that allow you to reserve rooms, find info and maybe even earn triple points -- all on the go	hotels, smartphone, mobile, app, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-changes-stay_at_home-spouse-rule-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-changes-stay_at_home-spouse-rule-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB changes stay-at-home spouse rule	The federal government's consumer agency has finalized a rule change to make it easier for nonworking, stay-at-home spouses to get their own credit cards	stay-at-home spouse, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-financial-crisis-inspired-better-money-habits-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-financial-crisis-inspired-better-money-habits-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Financial crisis inspired better money habits	The financial crisis that started in 2007 may have forced many investors to learn things the hard way, according to research from Fidelity Investments	financial crisis, recession, investors, debt, money habits, fidelity investments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stealing-dead-bff-identity-wrong-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stealing-dead-bff-identity-wrong-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why stealing your dead BFF's identity is wrong	Her best friend dies, so she "offers" to help the widower out by doing his finances. Then she applies for credit in her deceased friend's name as an "experiment." Hmmm.	credit cards, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-may-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-may-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed holds line on interest rates	The Federal Reserve's rate-setting committee voted to continue its low-rate policy in the face of stubborn unemployment	federal reserve, federal open market committee, fomc, interest rates, monetary policy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/apply-business_card-without-business-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/apply-business_card-without-business-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you apply for a business card -- before you own a business? 	If you’ve checked out the sweet perks that come with small-business rewards cards, you may be tempted to apply, even if you’re not a business owner 	business card, small business, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-050113-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-050113-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 14.93 percent	May 1, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.  	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sneaky-sis-used-my-card-damaged-credit-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sneaky-sis-used-my-card-damaged-credit-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! My sneaky sis used my credit card, damaged my credit	When family is involved in fraudulent card use, the choice tough: Silently suffer the credit consequences or rat out a relative	sister, damaged, credit, rating, fraud, consequences, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/is-spouse-liable-for-ex-card-debt-divorce-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/is-spouse-liable-for-ex-card-debt-divorce-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is wife liable for ex's card debt?	When a spouse has thousands in secret card debt and then files for divorce, exactly who is responsible for repaying that debt?	credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-save-time-money-shopping-online-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-tips-save-time-money-shopping-online-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 tips for saving time, money when shopping online	As online shopping has evolved, so have the ways in which you can use the tool wisely. These seven tips will keep time on the clock and money in your wallet	time, money, save, shopping, online
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-frugal-wedding-plan-costs-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-tips-frugal-wedding-plan-costs-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 tips for having a frugal wedding	Start by deciding on one or two items most important to you both. Splurge on those, scrimp on the rest and you'll avoid a runaway bridal budget 	bride, budget, wedding, frugal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improve-chances-apply-sba_loan-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/improve-chances-apply-sba_loan-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to improve your chances of getting an SBA loan	A banker will look at many factors when evaluating whether to grant you an SBA-guaranteed loan, from your personal credit to the profitability of your business. Here's how you can prepare to apply	small business, SBA, Small Business Administration, loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low_hassle-cash_back-driver-rewards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/low_hassle-cash_back-driver-rewards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What’s the best low-hassle cash-back card?	If you travel a lot by car, airline reward cards won't do you much good. You'll be better off with cash-back cards that offer rewards in driver-friendly categories	cash-back, cashback, driving, gas, car, rewards, travel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-050713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-050713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances rise in March	Consumers added credit card debt in March amid growing incomes and an improving job climate	consumer credit, federal reserve, g.19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-loan-credit-score-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad-loan-credit-score-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will paying off a bad loan early boost credit score?	If you can afford to pay off a high-cost loan, do it. Don't stick with a bad loan in the false belief that it will help build your credit score	car loan, credit score, FICO score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-kids-wish-parents-talked-more-about-money-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-kids-wish-parents-talked-more-about-money-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: The money topics your kids wish you'd talk about	Most parents say they talk about money regularly with their kids. Their children, however, don't think these conversations are enough	kids, money, family finances, talking about money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-use-credit_card-social_media-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/10-ways-use-credit_card-social_media-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways to get more from your credit card through social media	Social media channels such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube can help you resolve problems, find perks and maximize the benefits you get from your credit cards	social media, Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Foursquare
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q1-2013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-senior-loan-officer-survey-q1-2013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Banks modestly lower barriers to credit cards	Banks are swinging open their vault doors wider for businesses, but consumers are seeing only slightly easier access to loans -- including credit cards	federal reserve, senior loan officer survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-down-050713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card_debt-down-050713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances fall in March	Consumers used plastic less in March amid gloomy reports from the job front and a deceleration in spending	g.19, federal reserve, consumer credit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-050813-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-050813-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates rise to 14.94 percent	May 8, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers ticked up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/loan-credit_report-garnishment-repay-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/loan-credit_report-garnishment-repay-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt lingers on credit report even after garnishment, repayment	Through garnishment, an old debt has been repaid, but the credit damage can linger for years. The good news? It fades with time	debt, collections, charge-off, time, credit report, garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-pay-off-debt-vs-settle-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-score-pay-off-debt-vs-settle-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay off debt vs. settle it: Which is better for your credit score?	With $4,000 in card debt and five months behind on the bill, she  wonders if settling the bill or paying it off is better for her credit score	credit card debt, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-raise-credit_limit-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-raise-credit_limit-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to ask for a credit limit increase	Credit card issuers determine your limit based on what they think you can repay. If you want to raise your limit it helps to have your argument nailed down before you ask 	credit limit, maxing, max out, over-limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-pick-bankruptcy-attorney-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-pick-bankruptcy-attorney-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to pick a bankruptcy attorney	That’s it, you’re done. After struggling to pay your debts, you’re ready to consider bankruptcy. It’s time to contact a lawyer to represent you, but which one?  	bankruptcy lawyer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-robosigning-credit_card-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-robosigning-credit_card-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: How Robo-signing works in credit card debt 	When creditors mechanically and automatically certify that credit card debt is real without any documentary evidence, it's called robo-signing, and the practice is both widespread and controversial 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/california-sues-chase-robosiging-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/california-sues-chase-robosiging-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	California blasts Chase for robo-signing	California's attorney general accused Chase Bank of using false documents in court cases to collect credit card debts	chase, california, robo-signing, credit card, debt, lawsuit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/worthwhile-consultants-accept-credit_cards-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/worthwhile-consultants-accept-credit_cards-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When does it pay for consultants to accept credit cards?	If you have a consulting business, customers may want to pay with credit cards. Providing that convenience isn't free, but it could be worthwhile	consultant, consultancy, accept, merchant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heist-prepaid-security-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/heist-prepaid-security-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	$45 million heist shows vulnerability of prepaid cards	Prepaid debit cards are quickly growing in popularity among consumers, but the global conspiracy that stole $45 million from two Middle Eastern banks shows that they’re also attracting attention from another element: criminals	prepaid, heist, $45 million, security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-oldest-card-more-rewards-credit_score-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-oldest-card-more-rewards-credit_score-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If my oldest card's rewards aren't paying off, should I cancel?	It's usually not worth shelling out for an annual fee if a card's rewards don't at least pay for it. But if that card happens to be your oldest one, will canceling the card hurt your credit score?	cancel, rewards, Membership Rewards, American Express, SPG, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-consumer-credit_score-ignorance-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-consumer-credit_score-ignorance-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Consumers still don't understand credit scores	Women have more credit knowledge, says a survey released Monday, but few of us really understand what makes us creditworthy	credit, creditworthy, survey, vantagescore, consumer federation of america
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/replace-ssn-children-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/replace-ssn-children-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Proposed rule could help kids replace stolen Social Security numbers	The Social Security Administration is considering easing the process for replacing stolen SSNs for children 13 and younger, who are increasingly targeted by identity thieves 	Social Security, SSN, identity theft, replace
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-debt-forgo-medical-care-study-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-debt-forgo-medical-care-study-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: Credit card debt causes people to forgo medical care	A study by a pair of University of Michigan sociologists finds people who are ill and don't seek treatment because of the cost are more likely to have credit card debt than other forms of debt	credit, card, debt, medical, health, care, forgo, treatment, care, study, michigan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/q12013-new_york_fed-report-credit-card-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/q12013-new_york_fed-report-credit-card-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NY Fed: Credit card balances reach new low	Consumers resumed paying down their card balances in the first quarter of 2013, the New York Fed reported, and delinquencies improved 	consumers, credit card, balance, new york fed, federal reserve, debt, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-young-adult-financial-optimism-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-young-adult-financial-optimism-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Young adults most optimistic about finances	Americans from age 18 to 29 have an optimistic outlook on their financial futures. Things look significantly gloomier to older Americans, however	gallup, financial future, optimism, young adults, millennials
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unactivated-credit-card-credit-score-impact-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unactivated-credit-card-credit-score-impact-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does canceling an unactivated card hurt credit scores?	She applied for a low-limit, high annual fee card and never activated it. Now she wants to cancel it. How will that impact her credit score?	credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-payment-balance-transfer-dilemma-1583.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/multiple-payment-balance-transfer-dilemma-1583.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Two balance transfers means payment dilemma	The federal CARD Act of 2009 created rules about how payments should be allocated when there are multiple rates, but not for multiple balances 	balance, minimum, payment, allocation, card act, rules, rates, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-051513-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-051513-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates hold at 14.94 percent	May 15, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained flat this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cosigner-on-delinquent-student-loan-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cosigner-on-delinquent-student-loan-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student loan co-signer on the hook for delinquency	A wife co-signed her husband's student loans, which he defaulted on when he lost his job. Should she pay off the balance or not?	student loan default, co-signed loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cosign-guarantor-joint-account-differences-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cosign-guarantor-joint-account-differences-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Co-signer, joint account holder, guarantor: Know the difference	Thinking about sharing a card account with someone? Take heed. Your liability for the debt could vary greatly depending upon the type of account you choose	authorized user, guarantor, joint account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/do-math-calculate-retirement-savings-goal-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/do-math-calculate-retirement-savings-goal-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Doing the math to calculate your retirement savings goal	While everyone's desired retirement goal is different, you can, with just a bit of math, come up with a rough idea of your savings goal. Here's how	calculate, figure, retirement, savings, goal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charge-buy-new-pet-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charge-buy-new-pet-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you charge that new pet?	Pet regret? If you put that new furry friend on plastic, you may be able to get a refund, but it all depends on exactly where you bought it and what went wrong 	pets, credit cards, charge, buy, adopt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-surcharge-customers-credit_cards-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-surcharge-customers-credit_cards-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should we charge our customers to use credit cards?	Credit card surcharges are now legal, along with minimum purchase requirements for customers who want to use  credit cards. But for some convenience store owners, is the money worth the business they'll lose from irritated customers? 	surcharge, minimum purchase, interchange fee, swipe fee, minimum transaction
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earn-more-travel_rewards-without-new_card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earn-more-travel_rewards-without-new_card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to earn more travel rewards without getting a new card	The fastest way to rack up credit card rewards is through sign-up bonuses. If you don't want a new card, there are still ways to boost your earning potential	earn, miles, points, rewards, sign-up, bonus, US Airways
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frank-ahearn-qa-how_to_disappear-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frank-ahearn-qa-how_to_disappear-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with author Frank Ahearn on the art of disappearing	This skip-tracer turned skip-maker charges $42,000 minimum to help people disappear. He doesn't take credit cards. In fact, his first move will be to destroy yours	frank ahearn, disappear, skip-tracer, q&a
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-us-citizen-credit-card-score-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-us-citizen-credit-card-score-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit-building tips for new US citizen	He opened a U.S. card with a passport and business account. Now that he's moved here and has an SSN, he wants to know how to build a good credit score 	credit score, FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-cash_reload_code-recharge-scams-1281.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-cash_reload_code-recharge-scams-1281.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC targets cash-reload code scams	The FTC has proposed banning telemarketers from taking payments via cash reload codes that are used to fund prepaid cards. The codes make it too easy for fraudsters to take cash without leaving a trace	cash reload, scam, ftc, rule, change
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-052213-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-052213-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates rise to 14.98 percent	May 22, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers shot up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report, credit card APRs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high-debt-no-job-wants-student-loan-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high-debt-no-job-wants-student-loan-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will card debt scare off student loan lenders?	With high card debt, no job and a desire to return to school, will qualifying for a student loan be insurmountable?	private student loan, FAFSA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-credit_score-high-retirement-1583.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-credit_score-high-retirement-1583.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping your credit score high in retirement	As retirement approaches, it's time to review your collection of credit cards to make sure they're still working for you, and to keep debt low	credit, card, retirement, debt, utilization, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/more-cards-avoid-foreign-transaction-fees-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/more-cards-avoid-foreign-transaction-fees-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New card options let travelers avoid foreign transaction fees	Most U.S. credit card issuers tack a fee of up to 3 percent onto purchases made overseas. Those fees can really add up but there are some new ways to avoid them	foreign transaction, overseas, travel, United Explorer, F/X fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/give-employees-company-credit_cards-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/give-employees-company-credit_cards-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should I give more employees company cards?	In a small business, handing out credit cards to everyone can create headaches. You'll typically share responsibility for the account with the business. But there are times when giving out more cards can make everyone's lives easier	small business, corporate cards, business credit cards, employees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fresh-fruits-vegetables-diet-produce-budget-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fresh-fruits-vegetables-diet-produce-budget-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A diet of fresh fruits and vegetables needn't eat up your budget	Working more fresh fruits and vegetables into your diet is healthy, but it need not be expensive, if you shop seasonally and buy carefully	fruits, vegetables, eat, diet, frugal, budget
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-debt-threatens-great-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-debt-threatens-great-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can old debt threaten a great credit score?	His credit score is in the mid-700s already, but a debt collector is calling about an old debt. Will ignoring the calls threaten his creditworthiness?	credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/managing-debt-add-adhd-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/managing-debt-add-adhd-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for managing ADHD and debt	Constructing and sticking to a budget and determining which bills need to be paid and when can be especially challenging for those with ADD/ADHD 	add, adhd, tips, debt, managing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/same-sex-marriage-financial-issues-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/same-sex-marriage-financial-issues-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Same-sex marriage means gay couples get joint custody of debt	As more states allow same-sex marriage, gay couples discover they must take on one of matrimony's biggest legal burdens: a partner's debt	same-sex, marriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-052913-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-052913-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain flat	May 29, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-issuers-report-utilization-credit-bureaus-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-issuers-report-utilization-credit-bureaus-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How card companies report credit utilization to bureaus	Card issuers vary in how they report card use, which can affect your credit score. Usually, it's no big deal, but it becomes one when you want new credit	credit, utilization, bureau, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-college-grads-financial-regrets-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-college-grads-financial-regrets-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: New grads wish they'd saved more for college	The high cost of college has given the class of 2013 some financial perspective, a survey has found	college, tuition, saving, graduates, class of 2013, fidelity investments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/post-card-act-next-generation-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/post-card-act-next-generation-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit CARD Act: The next generation	The federal watchdog agency is reviewing the 2009 law's impact; consumer groups are urging a host of fixes,  enhancements	Credit cards, CARD Act, deferred interest cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/leave-country-avoid-paying-student-loans-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/leave-country-avoid-paying-student-loans-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why not leave country and bail on student loans?	Sure, you can leave your debts behind -- and your family and friends, too. But there are repayment options that can help ease your burden 	student loan debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payments-no-job-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-payments-no-job-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stuck with card debt with no job, assets	She has no work or personal property and cannot afford to pay her card bill. Can she still be pursued for the debt even if she has nothing?	credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/people-managing-cards-better-finra-survey-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/people-managing-cards-better-finra-survey-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	People are managing cards better, survey finds	Americans are getting better at paying off their credit card bills and avoiding interest charges, but about a third are still struggling to pay more than the minimum	finra, survey, minimum, credit card, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/husband-in-prison-left-behind-credit-card-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/husband-in-prison-left-behind-credit-card-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wife of inmate worries about his card debt	Her husband is in prison for five years, and he left behind $7,000 in card debt that she can't pay. Will she be pursued for the debt by collectors?	credit card debt, prison
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-debt-credit-report-act-bill-congress-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-debt-credit-report-act-bill-congress-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Congress considers relief for credit damage from medical bills	Debt caused by medical bills is special and should wait 120 days before it's reported late on credit reports, according to legislation introduced in Congress 	medical, debt, credit, report, accuracy in reporting medical debt act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/young-adult-credit-card-options-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/young-adult-credit-card-options-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options for card approval without a credit history	At 21, he was turned down for a secured card. His grandfather offers to co-sign on a card with him, but will that be his best choice?	secured card, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mike-greenberg-qa-all-you-could-ask-for-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mike-greenberg-qa-all-you-could-ask-for-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: ESPN's Mike Greenberg takes a write turn with novel	The death of a friend inspired the popular sports talk show host to try his hand as a novelist 	mike greenberg, mikee, all you could ask for, novelist, jimmy v, donate, sports, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/divorcing-debt-children-money-martyr-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/divorcing-debt-children-money-martyr-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorcing? Your kids don't need a money martyr	Sally sharply arches her eyebrow at a one-sided divorce settlement that gives him the house, her the debt -- and a self-imposed college fund obligation on top of it all	divorce, card debt, debt negotiation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/women-entrepreneurs-loans-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/women-entrepreneurs-loans-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are there any special financing resources for women entrepreneurs?	The number of small businesses owned by women is growing rapidly. But women don't seek or get bank financing at the rate men do. The SBA offers special help for female entrepreneurs who need loans	women, small business, loans, finance, SBA, female, entrepreneurs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_report-complaints-highlight-errors-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_report-complaints-highlight-errors-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit report complaints highlight errors	One out of five people who complained about their credit reports said they contain information that does not belong to them, according to newly released figures	cfpb, credit report, errors, most common, information, not mine
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/peer_to_peer-loans-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/peer_to_peer-loans-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Peer-to-peer loans catch on for credit card debt consolidation	Peer-to-peer loans -- made by individuals to other individuals -- are booming as a debt consolidation tool. Though they can be a deal, they aren't for everyone. Here's how they work, what to expect	peer-to-peer, P2P, Lending Club, Prosper
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/p2p-loan-alternatives-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/p2p-loan-alternatives-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Nontraditional borrowing alternatives to online P2P loans	Peer-to-peer lending works for people with solid credit, but if you have a history of late payments, there are other creative alternatives to credit card loans 	P2P, peer-to-peer, social lending, lending circles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churning-not-smart-while-house_hunting-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churning-not-smart-while-house_hunting-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card churning: not a game to play while house-hunting	"Churning" -- taking on new credit cards to get sign-up bonuses and then canceling the cards -- will ding your credit score. The hit is usually minor but it's not a smart idea if you're thinking of buying a house soon	churn, churning, sign-up bonus, mortgage, card, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/irs-oversight-of-nonprofit-credit_counseling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/irs-oversight-of-nonprofit-credit_counseling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	IRS' oversight of credit counseling fails	The IRS unit under fire for Tea Party scrutiny has been unable in more than eight years to strip nonprofit status from the puppet of a for-profit company	irs, cesi, oversight, nonprofit, credit counseling
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-060513-fall-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-060513-fall-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates fall to 14.95 percent	June 5, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers slipped this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, interest rates, APR
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-debt-up-060713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-debt-up-060713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances ticked up in April	Balances on credit cards rose in April, marking a rebound from March, amid signs of improvement in jobs and housing.	consumer credit, debt, federal reserve, g19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-payoff-negotiate-credit-damage-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-payoff-negotiate-credit-damage-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If you have the choice, pay off that big debt	When a generous uncle offers to pay off a $30,000 credit card debt, say thanks and do it -- then figure out how to pay him back and stay out of debt	debt, settle, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-slowly-rolls-out-emv_chip-technology-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/us-slowly-rolls-out-emv_chip-technology-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	U.S. rolling out chip card technology, ever so slowly	Rely on your American magnetic-stripe cards for international travel and you could run into problems. Many other countries now use on more secure chip technology. But the U.S. is moving in that direction	EMV, chip-and-PIN, chip-and-signature, microchip
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-bankruptcy-free-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-bankruptcy-free-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding a free bankruptcy lawyer for business, consumer debt	If you're considering bankruptcy but can't afford a lawyer, there are a few options available for you. Some bankruptcy attorneys do pro bono work, or you may be able to file the papers on your own	bankruptcy, Chapter 7, Chapter 13, small business, pro bono
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-americans-prefer-computer-programs-over-financial_planners-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-americans-prefer-computer-programs-over-financial_planners-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Americans pick computers over financial planners	When it comes to financial planning, Americans are turning to computer programs over living, breathing financial advisers, a Gallup poll has found	financial planning, money management, computer program, financial adviser, accountant, gallup
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-data-breaches-vulnerable-risk-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-data-breaches-vulnerable-risk-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware: Risk of data breaches rises when you travel	The odds your card's data will be taken rise when you're on holiday for an obvious reason: You like to hang out at the same places the cyberthieves do 	credit, data, breach, travel, cyberthieves, identity theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-frozen-airline_card-miles-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-frozen-airline_card-miles-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When bankruptcy freezes an airline credit card, what happens to the miles?	If a rewards card is frozen during bankruptcy, you may still have access to most of the points you've earned. It depends on whether the card is co-branded with a travel partner	bankruptcy, rewards, mileage, miles, frozen, freeze
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-money-experts-dads-credit-advice-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-money-experts-dads-credit-advice-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 money experts share dad's best credit advice	Dads often give advice on more than just proper tire pressure. Their words and deeds lay out a financial path for their children, and these six experts share theirs 	dads, fathers, day, advice, tips, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-protect-credit-after-natural-disaster-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-ways-protect-credit-after-natural-disaster-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 ways to protect your credit after a natural disaster	While your first priority after experiencing a life-altering tragedy may be to rebuild, ignoring your debts can hamper your recovery	natural disaster, credit, fire, earthquake, flood, hurricane, tornado, storm
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-tips-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-tips-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	First credit card tips and advice	An 18-year-old wants to know just how a credit card works and how it should be used before she applies for one	first credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-michael-norton-happy-money-smarter-spending-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-michael-norton-happy-money-smarter-spending-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to spend money to buy happiness	"Happy Money: The Science of Smarter Spending" co-author Michael Norton says you can buy happiness if you know what to buy	buy, happiness, smarter spending, michael norton
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-exchange-student-us-credit-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foreign-exchange-student-us-credit-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Foreign exchange students can build a US credit score	A 20-year-old Chinese student living in the U.S. wants to build an American credit score, and she can: Scores aren't just for U.S. citizens	credit score, foreign exchange student
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-061213-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-061213-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain flat	June 12, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained fixed this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	credit card, rate, report, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negotiate-ignore-pay-old-debt-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negotiate-ignore-pay-old-debt-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old debt, new collector: Negotiate? Ignore? Or pay up?	When an old debt resurfaces as you're trying to make a credit comeback, getting it listed as paid in full does the most benefit to your credit, but the most harm to your cash flow	debt, old, ignore, pay up, settle, cellphone, negotiate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_bureaus-report-dispute-fix-evidence-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_bureaus-report-dispute-fix-evidence-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit dispute process fix coming soon	Disputing a credit report error? The bureaus will no longer discard your evidence; it will be scanned in and forwarded to the lender or debt collector 	eOSCAR, credit report disputes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-teach-son-good-money-lessons-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-teach-son-good-money-lessons-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to teach your son about money	While financial literacy for women and girls has gotten a lot of attention in recent years, boys have their own issues. Here are some tips for teaching your son about credit and finance	boys, son, sons, financial literacy, fin lit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-age-53-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-free-age-53-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Average American expects to be debt free by age 53	Americans are optimistic about achieving a clean slate before retirement, but 1 in 10 expects to never be independent of debt	debt, survey, free
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/default-some-cards-lose-all-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/default-some-cards-lose-all-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Defaulting on some of your cards risks losing them all 	If your business is failing and you default on several credit cards, the issuers of your other cards will know about it and may cut you off -- but you have ways to escape the jam	bankruptcy, bankrupt, small business, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hide-debt-husband-spouse-reveal-pay-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hide-debt-husband-spouse-reveal-pay-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dealing with $8,000 card debt hidden from husband	Whether you reveal the hidden debt to your husband is up to you, but you need to change habits to stop it from growing and get a plan to pay it off	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pet-wellness-plans-spread-vet-cost-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pet-wellness-plans-spread-vet-cost-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pet wellness plans touted to spread out vet costs	Some snarl, others purr at the idea of evening out pet care spending; evaluate all the costs and what's covered before signing up	pet wellness, vet, veterinary, cost,  care, health, coverage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-best-worst-states-card-delinqency-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-best-worst-states-card-delinqency-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Best, worst states for credit card delinquencies	In what could be a sign of economic recovery, bank card lending is on the rise, according to numbers from credit bureau Experian	delinquencies, bank cards, credit limits, delinquencies by state, lending, experian
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-debit_cards-ATM-overseas-fees-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-debit_cards-ATM-overseas-fees-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What are the best debit cards for ATM withdrawals overseas?	ATM fees overseas may come from the bank issuing the card, from the ATM itself, or from card networks like Visa and MasterCard. A few debit cards rise to the top when it comes to keeping these fees in check	ATM, fees, debit, international, overseas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-excuses-fixes-pay-bills-late-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-excuses-fixes-pay-bills-late-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 top excuses (and 5 top fixes) for paying bills late	Excuses abound for paying bills late, but none do you any good. We identify the top five -- and a way to overcome each one	late, payments, pay, excuses
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-step-plan-single-mom-build-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-step-plan-single-mom-build-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6-step credit-building plan for a struggling single mom 	A low-income, young single mom with school and another baby coming wants to handle credit wisely, but she'd better have a plan to avoid debt 	credit score, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-car-debt-ex-wife-wage-garnishment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-car-debt-ex-wife-wage-garnishment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old car debt hounds ex-wife	What do you do do when your wages are garnished to pay for a repossessed car that was jointly owned by you and your ex?	car repossession, wage garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employee-salary-pay-advance-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employee-salary-pay-advance-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How employee salary advances work 	Occasional emergency bridge loans from an employer can be OK, but regular pay advances are fraught with perils that can spill into the workplace	salary advances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-june-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-june-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed signals that rate hikes remain in distant future	The Federal Open Market Committee voted to keep interest rates at ultra-low levels amid speculation that stimulus measures are nearing a turning point	fomc, interest rates, fed, federal reserve, low, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-relative-debt-consolidate-debt-careful-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-relative-debt-consolidate-debt-careful-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Want to help a relative in debt? Do it carefully	Sure, you can help a relative overwhelmed by debt. Help her negotiate, consolidate -- but be careful about taking that debt on yourself	negotiate, relative, debt, consolidate, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-061913-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-061913-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates rise to 14.96 percent	June 19, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers rose this week for the first time in more than a month, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/private_jet_cards-prepaid-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/private_jet_cards-prepaid-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Private jet fliers increasingly turn to prepaid cards	A growing number of vendors sell prepaid private jet cards that let customers budget ahead and guarantee hourly rates for their luxury travel	jet, private, cards, luxury, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/singles-dating-credit_score-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/singles-dating-credit_score-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Looking for Mr. FICO: Singles using credit score to filter dates	Your astrological sign? Pah. A growing number of today's singles employ a FICO filter, using credit scores to judge whether a date is responsible	dating, credit, score, single, Mr. FICO
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jaron-lanier-who_owns_the_future-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-jaron-lanier-who_owns_the_future-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Jaron Lanier Q&A: Consumers, take back your data	The computer visionary and influential thinker sees individual and widespread economic risk in turning details of our lives into commodities	jaron lanier, consumers, who owns the future, author, q&a
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/forget-401k-startup_financing-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/forget-401k-startup_financing-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Resist tapping retirement funds for small-business financing	Starting a business in your 50s brings special considerations. Step away from the retirement savings and don't forget about health care costs	small business, startup, 50s, retirement, financing, health care, Obamacare
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-bankruptcy-myths-busted-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-bankruptcy-myths-busted-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 bankruptcy myths busted	Only deadbeats, cheats and crooks file for bankruptcy, right? Nothing could be further from the truth, say the folks who deal with bankruptcy day to day 	bankruptcy, myths
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/extreme-food-budget-stretching-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/extreme-food-budget-stretching-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stretching a food budget to the extreme	Stretching out a food budget of only $100 to feed a family of three for a month will require you to admit you need help, and then throw every trick in the cookbook at the problem	food, budget, extreme
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-hotel-rewards-cards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-hotel-rewards-cards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Have job, will travel, need points: Best bets for hotel rewards cards	Marriott Rewards consistently wins travelers' awards for best hotel rewards in the Americas, but there are other cards to also consider if you'll be traveling a lot for business	hotel, rewards, points, miles. Marriott, Hyatt, Starwood, SPG, Carlson, Rezidor, Radisson
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-how-we-spend-our-gift-cards-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-how-we-spend-our-gift-cards-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: How we spend our gift cards	Gift cards don’t tend to gather much dust in your wallet, according to a June 18 survey from the Retail Gift Card Association.	gift cards, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-062613-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-062613-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain flat	June 26, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report, June 26, weekly survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/settle-debt-verify-writing-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/settle-debt-verify-writing-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Settling a debt? Verify it, and get everything in writing	If you want to settle a debt with a collector for less than owed, do it safely and permanently by following these steps	settle, debt, verify, writing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employer-credit-checks-new-york-update-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/employer-credit-checks-new-york-update-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bill to curb employer credit check passes N.Y. Assembly	Afraid your bad credit may be holding you back from a great job? That may soon not be a concern for job-hunting New Yorkers, as the Credit Privacy in Employment Act passed the New York Assembly on June 24. 	credit checks, employer, Demos
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/doma-same_sex_marriage-financial-tax-debt-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/doma-same_sex_marriage-financial-tax-debt-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	DOMA ruling cuts both ways financially	The Supreme Court's ruling may spur same-sex couples toward marriage, but the financial consequences of such unions aren't all favorable	doma, supreme court, ruling, financial, couples, same sex, marriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sister-opening-credit-cards-using-moms-identity-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sister-opening-credit-cards-using-moms-identity-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sister opens cards using Mom's identity 	One sister abuses Mom's trust by charging thousands to cards opened using Mom's Social Security number. The other sister keeps it a secret	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/babymoon-financing-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/babymoon-financing-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are your finances ready for a 'babymoon'?	Need time alone before that child arrives? Couples are increasingly taking "babymoons" -- but the pre-bundle-of-joy trips can cost a bundle 	babymoon
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-new_employee-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-new_employee-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you take on credit card debt to pay for a new employee?	A new boutique owner is considering hiring a part-time salesperson so she can devote more time to marketing efforts. But to do so, she'd need to charge expenses such as inventory on a credit card. Is it worth it?	boutique, startup, small business, employee, paycheck, minimum wage, store, cash flow
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-signs-teen-isnt-ready-for-credit-cards-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-signs-teen-isnt-ready-for-credit-cards-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 signs your teen isn't ready for credit cards	Getting your teen behind the wheel of a car was scary enough, so do you think your kid is ready to handle the responsibility of a credit card?	teen, ready, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-off-student-loans-credit-cards-bad-idea-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paying-off-student-loans-credit-cards-bad-idea-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using plastic to pay off student loans: A bad idea	Using one or more credit cards to get out from under the burden of student loan payments can seem tempting, but it's a step in the wrong direction 	student loans, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-miles-military-auto-loan-refund-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-miles-military-auto-loan-refund-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB steps in to save service members money	More than 50,000 active-duty service members who participated in a big bank's specialty auto loan program are due a refund	CFPB, MILES, refund, U.S. Bank
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/internet-sales_tax-law-collection-challenges-small_business-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/internet-sales_tax-law-collection-challenges-small_business-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Internet tax law could create challenges for small businesses	If the Marketplace Fairness Act passes, running a small Internet store could get more complicated. Business owners would potentially have to collect sales tax for every state they ship into	Marketplace Fairness Act, Internet tax, sales tax, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/millennials-swap-credit-cards-student-loans-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/millennials-swap-credit-cards-student-loans-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Millennials swap credit cards for student loans	More young consumers are turning their backs on credit cards and piling on student loan debt, according to research from FICO	credit card debt, millennials, debt, student loans, fico, creditless, no credit cards, generation y 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grocery-rewards-walmart-costco-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grocery-rewards-walmart-costco-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Groceries bought at Wal-Mart, Costco don't earn extra rewards	Generally, processors do not count big-box stores (Target and Wal-Mart) or warehouse clubs (Costco) as grocery stores. If you do the bulk of your stocking up with those retailers, you'd be better off with a rewards card co-branded with one of them	grocery, groceries, supermarket, rewards, Costco, Wal-Mart, Walmart, merchant category code
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceled-credit_cards-impact-scores-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/canceled-credit_cards-impact-scores-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How canceled cards impact credit scores	When a card is canceled, the only way it can hurt your credit score is by reducing your credit utilization ratio -- or if you behaved badly with it 	cancelled credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/average-credit_card_debt-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/average-credit_card_debt-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Average credit card debt? Take your pick	Depending on how the average is measured and who's doing the measuring, Americans are either doing pretty well when it comes to managing our credit cards, or horribly	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/servicemembers-civil-relief-loan-1583.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/servicemembers-civil-relief-loan-1583.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Servicemembers Act helps, but soldier, straighten up your debt	The Servicemembers Act limits rates for loans to active-duty military personnel, but controlling debt should be a soldier's first financial duty	servicemembers act, 6%, loan, interest, rate, military
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-ken-ilgunas-walden_on_wheels-student-debt-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-ken-ilgunas-walden_on_wheels-student-debt-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ken Ilgunas' unique approach to avoiding college debt	Yes, you can graduate from Duke University without going into debt -- if you're willing to live in a van. Wthout air conditioning. And you're OK with mice	student debt, Ken Ilgunas, walden on wheels
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-funding-minority-small_business-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-funding-minority-small_business-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Where to look for credit, funding for minority-owned business 	For a young, African-American entrepreneur looking to start a small business, credit can be tight -- especially if you're still paying off student loans. Here's where to look for advice, and money	African-American, minority, small business, startup, entrepreneur
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-up-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card-debt-07082013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-up-federal_reserve-consumer_credit_card-debt-07082013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Credit card balances spike in May	Balances on credit cards shot up in May, the Fed reported, as jobs and home values showed strength  	credit card balances, g.19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-07513-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-07513-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 14.96%	July 5, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained flat this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, credit cards, interest rates, 14.96%
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-mardi-jo-link-bootstrapper-author-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-mardi-jo-link-bootstrapper-author-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with 'Bootstrapper' author Mardi Jo Link	Her book chronicles how she mended a broken heart and literally saved her Northern Michigan farm with alcohol, Buddhism and hard-won financial acumen	mari jo link, bootstrapper, farm, book, northern michigan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/daughter-liable-for-deceased-moms-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/daughter-liable-for-deceased-moms-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is daughter liable for shared card debt with Mom?	Mom tried to boost her daughter's credit by putting her  on several credit cards, but then Mom passed away. Who has to pay the balances?	authorized user, credit, joint, shared
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-penalizes-largest-debt-collector-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-penalizes-largest-debt-collector-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC penalizes world's largest debt collector	The Federal Trade commission accused a collection company with global operations of calling people repeatedly and failing to verify debts.	ftc, debt collection, fine, harrassment, nco
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-fall-q2-2013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcies-fall-q2-2013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcies continue to fall	As the eighth anniversary of a bankruptcy reform law approaches, filings in the first half of 2013 have fallen 14 percent from the same period one year ago	bankruptcy, filings, second quarter, 2013
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-donation-fraud-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity-donation-fraud-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Didn’t make that donation to charity? Watch out for fraud	If you see a small donation to a charity on your credit card but don't remember making the gift, you may be a victim of fraud. Small transactions like these are often tests to see if a stolen card number is working	fraud, charity, nonprofit, donation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-delinquencies-hit-22-year-low-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-delinquencies-hit-22-year-low-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card delinquencies hit 22-year low	Credit card delinquencies hit their lowest levels since June 1990 during the first quarter of this year, reflecting a stronger economy and more frugal consumers, the American Bankers Association said.	card, delinquency, rate, consumers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-who-is-checking-your-credit-score-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-who-is-checking-your-credit-score-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Who’s checking your credit score?	When it comes to which types of companies may check your credit score before approving you for their products or services, many consumers are in the dark. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-debt-divorce-community-property-state-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-debt-divorce-community-property-state-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Divorce and card debt in community property states	She's an authorized user on her ex-husband's card, but since they live in a community property state, she's not off the hook	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-071013-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-071013-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates don't budge	July 10, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/purchase-zero-percent-balance-transfer-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/purchase-zero-percent-balance-transfer-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Oops! I bought something with my 0-percent balance transfer card	If you transferred a balance to a 0-percent card and then bought something with it, you'll need to do some fancy  minimum payment math to avoid interest charges	transfer balance, zero, 0, percent, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-warns-debt_collectors-complaints-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-warns-debt_collectors-complaints-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Watchdog agency opens doors to complaints about debt collectors	The government's consumer watchdog issued warning notices to the collection industry about illegal tactics on the day it began taking complaints about collectors	debt collection, consumer financial protection bureau, warning, collectors, letters, complaints
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-sample_letters-debt_collection-1581.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-sample_letters-debt_collection-1581.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB provides debt collection sample letters	The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issues five sample letters to help consumers practice self-defense against unfair debt collection practices	debt, collection, sample, letters, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-haggling-pays-off-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-haggling-pays-off-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Those who don't haggle are missing out	Although fewer than half of shoppers haggle, those who do are rewarded, according to a survey from Consumer Reports	haggling, bargaining, credit card fees, consumer reports, price, negotiation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent_to_own-lease-home.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent_to_own-lease-home.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to know before jumping into a rent-to-own lease	It's both a lease to rent a home and a deal to buy it, rolled into a single document, so it has more moving parts and quirks than either document individually. In other words, study up and get expert help	rent to own, lease, mortgage, buy, down payment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_cards-help-business-cash_flow-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_cards-help-business-cash_flow-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will accepting credit cards help my business's cash flow?	A survey shows that 83 percent of businesses that accept credit cards ring up more sales -- with most reporting higher revenues and faster payments. 	small business, cash flow
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-inactive-amex-credit_score-credit_limit-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-inactive-amex-credit_score-credit_limit-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How do I get rid of my dormant AmEx without hurting my score?	If you drop an inactive credit card to save on annual fees, should you ask for a credit limit increase on other cards to mitigate damage to your credit score? 	American Express, Green, Blue, Membership Rewards, credit limit, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/husband-stopped-paying-joint-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/husband-stopped-paying-joint-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! My husband's ruining my credit	They opened a joint credit card together and then her husband went "crazy" charging things they couldn't afford. To make matters worse, he stopped paying the bill 	joint credit card, collections, husband
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deposit-refund-bankrupt-company-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/deposit-refund-bankrupt-company-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting your deposit back when a company goes bankrupt	Your catering company has gone belly-up just before your wedding, taking your deposit with it. All's not lost, if you used a credit card, but beware -- those refunds can be time-consuming and tricky to reclaim	deposit, bankrupt, company
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-071713-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-071713-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Credit card interest rates stuck at 14.96% for a 4th week	July 17, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers held steady at 14.96 percent  this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-debt-beyond-statute-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-debt-beyond-statute-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Even with very old debt, don't ignore collection efforts	The statute of limitations doesn't bar collectors from trying to get you to pay old debts, but you have rights and can stiff-arm them easily	statute, limitations, debt, old, collections, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/allowance-budgeting-teen-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/allowance-budgeting-teen-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Managing your fashion-forward teen's clothing allowance	Keeping up with the latest fashion trends is a high priority for many teens. A clothing allowance is a great way for a parent to teach fiscal responsibility and keep the family's fashion budget under control.	teen, clothing, allowance, budget
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-expert-advice-younger-selves-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/money-expert-advice-younger-selves-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Money experts give advice to their younger selves	We asked financial professionals to imagine they could go back in time and pass on to their younger selves the wisdom about money they've gained	money, experts, advice, younger, selves
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/found-lost-purse-dont-use-canceled-cards.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/found-lost-purse-dont-use-canceled-cards.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Found your lost purse? Good, but don't use those canceled cards	If that lost purse or wallet turns up and you've already reported the cards missing, it's too late. Wait for the new ones, and next time, don't carry so many 	lost, purse, wallet, limit, found
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prime_rate-lower-interest-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prime_rate-lower-interest-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The path to a lower interest rate	Most banks and credit unions tie their credit cards' interest rates to the prime rate, but knowing the prime rate alone won't lead to lowering yours	prime rate, lower interest rate, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tattoo-debt-red-ink-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tattoo-debt-red-ink-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tattoo debt: Body art can create red ink 	Tattoos can come with surprising costs, both on the front and the back end. The best artists aren't cheap, and the worst can produce pricey mistakes	tattoos, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_reports-reveal-card-bill-paying-data-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_reports-reveal-card-bill-paying-data-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit reports now show your credit card bill-paying habits	Credit bureaus add a new section to credit reports showing whether you carry a credit card balance, giving card issuers and others a more detailed portrait of your financial habits	credit reports, credit cards, transactor, revolver
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-website-affects-rewards-perks-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/travel-website-affects-rewards-perks-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Booking via travel website may affect reward miles, perks	If you use a co-branded card to buy tickets through a third-party aggregator such as Travelocity or Orbitz, you may give up bonus miles offered for booking direct. But with a little work, you should be able to claim most of the perks 	co-branded card, miles, mileage, perks, airline, Orbitz, Travelocity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/settle-bankruptcy-small_business-debt-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/settle-bankruptcy-small_business-debt-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Repayment, settlement, bankruptcy: Facing debt from failed business	A business owner has unpaid credit card debt worth thousands. Should she settle, file for bankruptcy or something else?	business, debt, credit, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-parents-summer-spending-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-parents-summer-spending-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Parents shelling out more on kids' summer fun	Parents are willing to pay up to keep their children busy this summer, according to July's American Express Spending & Saving Tracker	summer, spending, american express, parents, summer activities
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-stop-husband-from-charging-on-joint-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-stop-husband-from-charging-on-joint-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Husband won't stop charging on joint card	Sharing a joint credit card can be hard if one spouse uses the card too often and can't pay off the balance. Do they kill the card or get will that make things worse?	joint credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency_credit_card-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emergency_credit_card-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to look for in an emergency credit card	Unless you have huge sums of cash, have an emergency card handy -- one that won't cause extra problems if you actually use it	credit card, emergency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/congress-online-gambling-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/congress-online-gambling-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Congress aims to level the online gambling playing field	Two bills being considered in Congress would regulate poker and other forms of online gambling, and could impose consistency on a patchwork of state laws. But it's a complex subject that blends gaming, morality, money-laundering and credit cards	online gambling, poker, consumer protection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-improve-credit_mix-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-improve-credit_mix-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rules of the road for improving your credit mix 	Having greater diversity in the types of credit you use can nudge your credit score up -- as long as you make your payments on time	credit mix, installment loans, car loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-072413-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-072413-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 14.96% for fifth week	July 24, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged Wednesday for the fifth consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.Credit card interest rates remain at 14.96 percent for fifth week	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/soutwest_airlines-rapid_rewards-card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/soutwest_airlines-rapid_rewards-card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How does the Southwest Rapid Rewards card stack up?	Domestic airline Southwest is often overlooked by rewards-chasers because you generally get more bang for your mile with international flights. But if you're primarily interested in U.S. flights, the Rapid Rewards card is worth a look	Southwest, Rapid Rewards, AirTran
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheritance-spending-instant_wealth-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheritance-spending-instant_wealth-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't blow your inheritance	A large inheritance can create the temptation to spend and lend on a large scale. How do you balance your wants and needs (and those of others close to you) while keeping your newly obtained wealth intact?	inheritance, spending, instant wealth
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-credit-newspaper-history-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-credit-newspaper-history-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Newspaper archive reveals earliest mentions of credit cards	Consumer credit in the U.S. has its roots in the late 19th century, and the earliest printed mentions of credit shows we confronted today's challenges then	newspaper, archive, library of congress, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refinance-business_card-debt-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refinance-business_card-debt-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does it make sense to refinance business credit card debt?	Small businesses with good credit may benefit from transferring business card debt to a lower-interest loan or 0-percent interest card	small business, refinance, 0 percent, zero percent, no interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scores-student-loan-impact-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-scores-student-loan-impact-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit scores impact some student loan approvals	Planning to apply for student loans? You might want to check your credit. If you’re applying for PLUS loans or private student loans, your credit history counts	student loans, credit scores, PLUS loans, private student loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/summer-vacation-mistakes-cost-you-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/summer-vacation-mistakes-cost-you-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Summer vacation mistakes that can cost you	Daydreaming about a lazy day at the beach? Just make sure you don't make a vacation planning mistake that could set your finances back for months to come 	vacation, credit card, mistakes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foster_children-id_theft-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/foster_children-id_theft-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Foster children get help in combating ID theft	A 2011 federal law says when foster children turn 16, child welfare agencies must help them get annual credit reports and clear up any mistakes. States are now implementing programs to do just that	foster, children, kids, age out
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-keep-foster_child-id-safe-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-keep-foster_child-id-safe-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to protect a foster child from ID theft	Foster kids are even more at risk for identity theft than the general population. Help protect yourself or a young person you know by following these tips	foster, kids, children, ID theft, identity, fraud
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mindfulness-impulse-spending-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mindfulness-impulse-spending-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How 'mindfulness' can curb impulse spending	By pausing to reflect, you can take a step back and make choices about what you're going to buy based on reason, rather than impulse	mindfulness, meditation, shopping, impulse spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-men-women-rate-financial-strengths-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-men-women-rate-financial-strengths-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Men and women rate each other's financial strengths	A survey from FleishmanHillard and Hearst Magazines asked men and women to rate each other's financial strengths. And the genders didn't always see eye to eye	men, women, finances, strengths, fleishmanhillard, hearst magazines, negotiating, gender differences
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-program-credit-score-impact-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-management-program-credit-score-impact-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will a debt management plan hurt your credit score?	When you enter a debt management plan, one of the requirements is to close open card accounts. How will that action affect your credit score?	debt management plan, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity_theft-credit_report-fraudulent_charges-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity_theft-credit_report-fraudulent_charges-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Have I fallen prey to identity theft? 	It's relatively easy to find out if you've fallen victim to identity theft, given the availability of credit reports and online billing statements. Clearing up an identity theft issue, however, is more difficult and may require contacting local authoritie	identity theft, credit report, fraudulent charges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-july-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-july-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed keeps interest rates low	As expected, the Federal Open Market Committee voted Wednesday to keep short-term interest rates low	FOMC, GDP, federal funds rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-073113-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-073113-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rates remain locked at 14.96%	July 31, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained stuck at 14.96 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report, interest rates, credit card, 14.96
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-early-back-to-school-shopping-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-early-back-to-school-shopping-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Early shoppers push up back-to-school season	Families are getting an increasingly early start on back-to-school shopping, according to a survey from the National Retail Federation	back to school, shopping, school supplies, national retail federation, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-card-asia-vietnam-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-card-asia-vietnam-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The best card for a long stay in Vietnam?	A rewards card that doesn't charge foreign transaction fees and is widely accepted is the best bet for a three-month trip to Vietnam. Prepaid travel cards are an option, too	Vietnam, Asia, travel, EMV
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/court-rules-against-fed-swipe_fee-rule-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/court-rules-against-fed-swipe_fee-rule-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Swipe fee battle renewed after court ruling	Merchants won a victory in their long-running battle with banks over debit card swipe fees, potentially raising consumer costs for checking-related services	banks, debit, card, swipe, fee, transaction
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-fails-interest-rate-rise-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-fails-interest-rate-rise-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If your company fails, your credit card rate can rise	Your business is shuttered and you're left with credit card debt. Now the issuer is hiking your interest rate. Is it really allowed to do that? Most likely, yes. Here's what you can do	small business, interest rate, variable rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-deceased-account-owner-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-deceased-account-owner-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Daughter racks up debt on deceased dad's card	Not knowing she was just an authorized user, a daughter continued to use her dad's card after he died. Now the issuer closed the card and wants quick repayment 	authorized user, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-retirement_distributions-tax.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/401k-retirement_distributions-tax.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should I tap into my 401(k) to buy my retirement haven?	As you near retirement, it can be tempting to use 401(k) distributions to fund big purchases. There are, however, lots of rules to follow and tax implications that you must be aware of before making a decision.	401(k), retirement, distributions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-activity-not-reported-to-credit-bureaus-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized-user-activity-not-reported-to-credit-bureaus-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When being an authorized user is useless	Her brother added her to his card to boost her credit, but the issuer doesn't report card activity for authorized users. What are her options?	authorized user, credit reports.
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/using-money-spending-to-self-medicate-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/using-money-spending-to-self-medicate-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using money to self-medicate?	Fallen into the emotional money trap? Recognizing the feelings behind impulsive spending can help reduce excessive consumption	emotional spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-senior_loan_officer_survey-july_2013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-senior_loan_officer_survey-july_2013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: banks ease up on credit limits	Banks remain wary about issuing new cards but are easing their grip on credit limits, the Federal Reserve's survey of senior loan officers reported	Senior loan officers survey, credit limits, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payroll_cards-fees-employer-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/payroll_cards-fees-employer-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	It pays to know these 5 things about payroll cards	More employers in the U.S. are offering their employees reloadable payroll cards in lieu of issuing checks or direct deposits. There are, however, a wide variety of costs and risks associated with payroll cards	payroll cards, fees, empployer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ron_klein-point_of_sale-mag_stripe-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ron_klein-point_of_sale-mag_stripe-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Point-of-sale pioneer Ron Klein looks back	Ron Klein was heralded as the inventor of the mag stripe in a recent news article. Klein, now 78, is willing to cede credit for that but is keen to tell the story of how he pioneered credit card validation systems back in the 1960s.	ron kllein, point of sale, mag stripe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/adult_children-leave-nest-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/adult_children-leave-nest-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get your adult children to leave the nest	Instead of feathering their own financial nests, many parents who are retired or approaching retirement are going into debt and raiding their savings to support their young adult children -- all in the name of love	adult children, debt, parents, gravy train
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stroke-spending-spree-debt-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stroke-spending-spree-debt-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stroke, spending spree leaves family with debt emergency	After his wife suffered a stroke, she racked up card debt. He may be able to argue diminished capacity to have it dismissed, but should be prepared to pay up	medical, card, debt, stroke, diminished capacity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-080713-down-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-080713-down-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates dip to 14.95%	Aug. 6, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers fell to 14.95 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-debt-down-080713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-debt-down-080713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances fell in June	Credit card balances were down in June, pulling back from a strong upward surge the month before, despite an increase in consumer spending	federal reserve, consumer credit, june, spending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-wait-for-credit-card-bill-to-arrive-to-pay-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-wait-for-credit-card-bill-to-arrive-to-pay-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay off card charges before bill arrives	If you budgeted for an item you put on plastic, pay it off right away instead of waiting for the bill to arrive. That way, you'll reduce any interest adding to the balance	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hotel-heads_in_beds-jacob_tomsky-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hotel-heads_in_beds-jacob_tomsky-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with 'Heads in Beds' author Jacob Tomsky	Have you ever stayed at a luxury hotel and wondered what's going on behind the scenes? In his new book, "Heads in Beds: A Reckless Memoir of Hotels, Hustles, and So-Called Hospitality," hotelier Jacob Tomsky dishes the dirt on the hospitality industry	hotel, heads in beds, jacob tomsky
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/options-raising-quick-cash-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/options-raising-quick-cash-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options you haven't thought of for raising quick cash	Cash crunch? Yes, you should look for more income. But turn over every stone, including utility refunds, eBay and adjusting your withholding	cash, loan, pawnshop, ebay, withholding
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bangladeshi-entrepreneur-prepaid-international-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bangladeshi-entrepreneur-prepaid-international-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How a Bangladeshi entrepreneur can pay for international purchases	A small business owner from Bangladesh is looking for a way to buy supplies and services from other countries. Bangladesh's central bank restricts international credit card transactions, but there are a few options	Bangladesh, Payoneer, international, prepaid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-steps-build-business_credit_profile-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-steps-build-business_credit_profile-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 steps to build your business credit profile 	While the recession has made it harder to avoid personal guarantees for business credit, building a strong business credit profile is still important	business credit, credit record, Dun & Bradstreet, D&B, Paydex, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hyatt-marriott-hotel_credit_card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hyatt-marriott-hotel_credit_card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's the better hotel credit card -- Hyatt or Marriott?	Choosing the best hotel card is a matter of weighing each card's perks against your travel needs, as evaluating the pros and cons of each is an apples-to-oranges comparison	hyatt, marriott, hotel credit cards, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-credit-score-impact-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-credit-score-impact-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit score impact of settling past-due accounts	When you have numerous credit accounts that are seriously past due, is the best solution to settle the accounts or try to pay them in full?	credit score, debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumers-cut-back-but-spend-more-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumers-cut-back-but-spend-more-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Consumers cutting back -- but also spending more	Consumers are pinching pennies when it comes to small purchases, while opening their wallets for bigger ones, according to July 2013 research from Harris Interactive	spending, big purchases, small purchases, frugality, cutting back, harris interactive
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-dispute-unauthorized-credit-report-inquiries-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-to-dispute-unauthorized-credit-report-inquiries-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to dispute unauthorized credit report inquiries	If a negative item on your credit report isn't true, you dispute it. But did you know the same goes for credit report inquiries you don’t recognize or didn’t approve?	credit inquiries, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-share-accounts-elderly-parents-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dont-share-accounts-elderly-parents-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't share accounts with elderly parents	Having a joint account with an elderly parent can have serious consequences, including being liable for debts, lawsuits and collection efforts	elderly parents, joint accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-abroad-lower-student_loans-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-abroad-lower-student_loans-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Americans look abroad to avoid student loan blues	Frustrated by the lack of affordable colleges at home, U.S. students are looking overseas to get an education. Universities in Canada and farther afield offer comparable quality at a lower cost -- but you have to know where to look	university, abroad, overseas, Canada, U.K., Australia, student loans, Harvard, Cambridge
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-081413-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-081413-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 14.95 percent 	Aug. 14, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers remained at 14.95 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-fed-household-debt-credit-report-q2-2013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-fed-household-debt-credit-report-q2-2013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NY Fed: debt squeeze eases on households	While borrowing on cards increased, credit limits grew faster in the second quarter, leaving cardholders with more available spending power	New York Fed, Federal reserve, household, debt, credit, report, 2nd quarter, 2013
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car_dealer-garnish-wages-lemon-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car_dealer-garnish-wages-lemon-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can a car dealer garnish my wages after selling me a lemon?	Every car owner's nightmare is to get stuck with a trouble-prone vehicle. Can a dealer garnish your wages if you can't afford to pay off the loan on a useless auto?	car dealer, garnish my wages, lemon
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pick-socially_responsible-credit_card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pick-socially_responsible-credit_card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to pick a socially responsible credit card	Consumers who value sustainability have two major credit card options: Affinity cards that donate to charities, and cards issued by financial institutions devoted to the concept of 'the triple bottom line'	sustainable, sustainability, triple bottom line, socially responsible, green, environmental, charities, community banks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-stop_making_payments-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-stop_making_payments-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	I'm buried in debt. Can I just stop making payments?	If you're swamped with credit card debt, it may be tempting to stop making payments and hope the problem goes away. Sorry. It won't 	debt, nonpayment, collection agency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churn-hilton-credit_cards-sign-up_bonuses-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churn-hilton-credit_cards-sign-up_bonuses-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I churn my Hilton credit cards for more sign-up bonuses?	American Express and Citi credit cards that earn Hilton HHonors points are churnable -- meaning you can cancel them and later reapply to get new sign-up bonuses. But you need to know a few things first	Hilton, HHonors, churn, churnable, rewards, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/build-business_credit-without-social_security_number-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/build-business_credit-without-social_security_number-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you build business credit without a Social Security number?	To apply for business credit, you will likely need to use your Social Security Number or an Employer Identification Number -- which you apply for using your SSN. 	Social Security, SSN, EIN, employer identification number, business credit, tax identification number, taxpayer identification, business tax identification
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/certegy-credit-checking-ftc-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/certegy-credit-checking-ftc-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Certegy fined $3.5 million for violating Fair Credit Reporting Act	The FTC has accused credit reporting agency Certegy of maintaining and reporting inaccurate information about thousands of check-paying customers, resulting in a $3.5 million fine.  	certegy, fair credit reporting act, FTC
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrant-build-credit-authorized-user-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrant-build-credit-authorized-user-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How 'authorized user' status can help build US credit	New to the U.S.? There are several ways to start building a good credit history, most notably by becoming an authorized user on another's credit card 	authorized user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-to-own-versus-credit-cards-which-is-better-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rent-to-own-versus-credit-cards-which-is-better-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rent-to-own vs. credit cards: Which costs less?	What if you need a new TV, sofa or even a set of tires but you're broke? Do you turn to plastic or a rent-to-own store? Consumer advocates weigh in 	rent-to-own, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-bill-paying-methods-by-generation-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-bill-paying-methods-by-generation-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Gen Y embraces mobile bill pay, boomers like mail	When it comes to paying bills, consumers -- especially young ones -- are embracing mobile, according to an August 2013 survey from Western Union. Yet more "old-fashioned" methods of payment still remain popular among all age groups	bill paying, mobile, generation Y, millennials, generation X, baby boomers, online bill pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-good-credit-requires-patience-good-habits-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/building-good-credit-requires-patience-good-habits-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Building good credit doesn't happen quickly	Paying on time for a few months will not drastically change a credit score, especially if you've lapsed in the past. But with patience and time, your score will rise	credit score, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no_interest-financing-pitfalls-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/no_interest-financing-pitfalls-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Many pay an unexpected price for deferred-interest deals	About one in five people who sign up for 'no interest' deals on big-ticket items actually wind up owing finance charges on their store credit card	no interest, deferred, big-ticket, apr, deferred
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd_power-credit_card_satisfaction-survey-2013-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jd_power-credit_card_satisfaction-survey-2013-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Card satisfaction hits 7-year high	Though impenetrable financial terms and opaque rewards programs still plague cardholders, we are increasingly satisfied with our plastic	credit card satisfaction, customers, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-082113-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-082113-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady at 14.95%	Aug. 21, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers held steady at 14.95 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-stop-accepting-American_Express-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-stop-accepting-American_Express-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can my small business afford to stop accepting AmEx?	A small business owner wants to stop accepting American Express, reasoning that other credit cards and debit cards are cheaper. But he needs to weigh the costs against the fact that AmEx cardholders are loyal and high-spending	American Express, AmEx, Amex, merchant, debit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elderly_parent-cash-advances-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elderly_parent-cash-advances-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	My 88-year-old mother lives on cash advances	A mother who has been supplementing Social Security by taking credit card cash advances needs a financial intervention -- and a budget	elderly parent, credit card debt, $40,000
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/short_term-college-loans-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/short_term-college-loans-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Broke at Big U? Short-term college loans may help	Many colleges offer loans up to $1,000 at little or no interest. For students short on cash while they wait for financial aid, the loans can be a life saver	college, university, short-term student loan, short-term loan, students
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards_cards-parents-kids-school-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards_cards-parents-kids-school-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What’s the best rewards card for parents with kids in school?	If you have kids away at college you'll need a rewards card that can help pay for travel -- and everyday expenses. Several fit that bill, but you may have to pay an annual fee	parents, rewards, kids, college, children, travel
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/is-sharing-your-credit-card-ever-ok-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/is-sharing-your-credit-card-ever-ok-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is sharing your credit card ever OK?	Have you ever lent your credit card to a relative or friend to make a purchase on your behalf? Most times, these actions are harmless, but sometimes they can backfire	sharing credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/account-activated-open-closed-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/account-activated-open-closed-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is a card account open if it isn't activated?	If you apply for a card, get it in the mail and then choose not to activate it, does the account still get listed on your credit report?	credit card activation, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/steps-to-protect-finances-alzheimers-disease-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/steps-to-protect-finances-alzheimers-disease-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to protect finances of those with Alzheimer's	If a loved one is having trouble remembering to pay the credit card bill or spending money recklessly as a result of Alzheimer's disease, there are steps you can take to protect his or her credit and financial security 	alzheimer's disease, money management
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-map-guide-chapter-7-13-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-map-guide-chapter-7-13-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your map through Chapter 7 and 13 bankruptcy	If you've decided that bankruptcy might be the solution for you, you need to be prepared for the stops along the way for Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcies	bankruptcy, map, guide, chapter 7, chapter 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rental_scam-spoil-vacation-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rental_scam-spoil-vacation-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't let a rental scam spoil your vacation	Rental scams are becoming increasingly common. Recognizing the warning signs is essential to prevent a scam from ruining your next vacation. 	rental, scam, vacation, home
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-bankruptcy-wage-garnishement-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-bankruptcy-wage-garnishement-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student loan repayment troubles? Don't delay	If a student loan ends up in default, your options for repayment become limited, and get worse after  wage garnishment	wage garnishment, student loans, options, repayment, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-082813-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-082813-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rates remain flat for 3rd straight week	Aug. 28, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-allowances-for-kids-so-old-fashioned-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-allowances-for-kids-so-old-fashioned-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Allowances for kids? So old-fashioned	Allowances may die out as millennials become parents, according to an August 2013 survey from financial services firm Country Financial.	allowances, kids, earning money, generations, survey, country financial
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/award-flight-business_trip-tax_deductible-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/award-flight-business_trip-tax_deductible-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is an award flight taken for business tax-deductible?	A flight taken for business purposes is covered under Section 162 of the IRS Code. But nowhere does it say that if you use frequent flier miles to pay for the flight you can deduct the expense -- which means you can't	IRS, frequent flier, miles, frequent flyer, Internal Revenue Service, tax, deduction, deduct, business trip
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-debt-myths-debunked-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-debt-myths-debunked-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 debt myths debunked	Did you hear the one about how making even a small payment will stop debt collectors in their tracks? If you believe that, you need some myth-debunking	10, debt, myths, debunked
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-minimum_purchase-credit-debit-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-minimum_purchase-credit-debit-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can my business require a minimum purchase for credit cards?	Merchants can impose on their credit card customers a minimum purchase requirement of up to $10 -- but that doesn't mean you should. And debit cards are a different story 	minimum purchase, debit, swipe fees, credit card, business, merchant
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marijuana-banking-ban-intact-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marijuana-banking-ban-intact-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buying legal marijuana with a credit card still banned	The new easing of federal enforcement of marijuana laws doesn't lift a ban on credit cards being used at legal pot dispensaries	marijuana, pot, weed, banking, ban, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what_to_do_when_i_get_stupid-lewis_mandell-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what_to_do_when_i_get_stupid-lewis_mandell-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with 'What to Do When I Get Stupid' author Lewis Mandell 	Our cognitive ability related to credit cards and borrowing peaks around age 53. In his new book, "What to Do When I Get Stupid," behavioral economist Lewis Mandell explains how we can protect ourselves from hucksters -- and ourselves -- in our dotage	Lewis Mandell, what to do when i get stupid, retirement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mother-opens-joint-account-with-daughter-illegally-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mother-opens-joint-account-with-daughter-illegally-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom illegally adds daughter to joint card	A recently married daughter finds out her mom used her name to open a joint account without her permission or knowledge 	joint credit card, ID theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-authorized_user-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rebuild-credit-authorized_user-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rebuilding your credit as an authorized user 	Becoming an authorized user on a spouse's credit card can help you rebuild your credit but you need to understand your responsibilities and be committed to using the card wisely	authorized user, rebuild, credit, piggybacking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum_payments-damage-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/minimum_payments-damage-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will making minimum payments damage my credit score? 	Consistently making minimum monthly payments on a high balance is a dangerous habit that can damage your credit score if your financial situation worsens	minimum payments, kill, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-make-music-money-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips-make-music-money-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Industry insider tips: How to make music AND money	The rise of digital streaming and gadget-centered entertainment has created new opportunities for musicians seeking to build a career out of their craft 	Q&A, making, music, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grammy_winning-producer-john_snyder-business_of_music-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grammy_winning-producer-john_snyder-business_of_music-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Grammy-winning producer John Snyder on the business of music	Although musicians tend to struggle financially, they have many of the same traits as entrepreneurs, says Grammy-winning producer John Snyder. 	grammy winning, producer, John Snyder, business of music
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/doug_ross-music-money_management-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/doug_ross-music-money_management-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Musician/blogger Doug Ross on music and money management	For professional musician and blogger Doug Ross, the key to having a successful music career is not artistic integrity -- it's about making a living doing something you love. 	doug ross, music, money management
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/entertainment_lawyer-Neeta_Ragoowansi-music-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/entertainment_lawyer-Neeta_Ragoowansi-music-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Entertainment lawyer Neeta Ragoowansi on surviving in music	Entertainment lawyer Neeta Ragoowansi says many artists overlook burgeoning opportunities to promote their music. 	entertainment lawyer, Neeta Ragoowansi, music
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-through-social_media-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-through-social_media-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You can now #buy through social media -- but do you really want to?	In-stream purchasing lets you buy products through social media by posting a simple hashtag or set of words. It's quick, convenient -- and potentially dangerous	social media, Twitter, Facebook, in-stream, #buy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-090413-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-090413-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates rise to 14.99 percent 	Sept. 4, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers rose this week for the first time in more than two months, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, Sept. 4 2013, 14.99
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-bulletin-warns-credit-information_furnishers-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-bulletin-warns-credit-information_furnishers-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB: Consumers' side of credit disputes must be considered	Federal regulators issued a stern warning for information furnishers to investigate disputed credit report data: Look at a consumer's side of the story 	credit, furnishers, information, documents, consider, weigh
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negotiate-medical-debt-collections-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/negotiate-medical-debt-collections-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you negotiate medical debt with collectors?	Yes, you can negotiate over delinquent medical bills with a collection agency, but paying less than what is owed has consequences	medical debt, settle, negotiate, collections, collectors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-young-people-go-without-credit_cards-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-young-people-go-without-credit_cards-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Cardlessness among young people up nearly 80 percent	All age groups are increasingly shedding credit cards, according to June 2013 data from FICO. Yet no age group is ditching them faster than young people	young people, generation y, no credit cards, millennials, cardless
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/impose-purchase-limit-small_business-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/impose-purchase-limit-small_business-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I impose a max on credit card customers?	If your business sells high-ticket items, credit card swipe fees can add up. The law won't keeping you from imposing limits on card spend but consider other options before you take that route	small business, max, maximum, swipe fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-debt-down-090913-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/g19-federal_reserve-consumer_credit-debt-down-090913-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances fell in July	Credit card balances fell in July, a time of sluggish consumer spending and languid job growth, the Federal Reserve reported.	G.19, revolving debt, consumer credit, Federal Reserve 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-build-credit-without-card-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-ways-build-credit-without-card-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 ways to build credit without a credit card	If you want to start building credit but don’t want to get a credit card -- or simply can’t -- don’t give up. There are other options, including passbook or CD loans, credit builder loans and alternative credit scores	credit builder, FICO, FAKO, establish credit, nontraditional, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prescreened-offers-not-automatical-approval-credit-cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prescreened-offers-not-automatical-approval-credit-cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pre-screened offers don't guarantee card approval	All those enticing zero percent card offers that come in the mail don't mean that you'll be approved for them, and can even hurt your credit score	pre-screened offers, credit score, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/close-credit-card-account-buying-condo-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/close-credit-card-account-buying-condo-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it OK to close a card before I buy a condo?	Closing a high-fee card can be a smart thing to do, but not when lenders are considering you for a home loan. Any credit score hit may cost you 	home loan, closing a credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-cards-expedited-airport-security-screening-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-cards-expedited-airport-security-screening-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which credit cards are best for expedited airport security?	If you travel internationally a lot, you might consider one of the premium credit cards that offer to refund your application fee for Global Entry, the U.S. Customs program allowing expedited entry into the U.S. 	Global Entry, U.S. Customs, TSA, PreCheck, Transportation Security Administration
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-091113-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-091113-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 14.99 percent 	Sept. 11, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report, credit cards, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-minor-be-sued-for-using-adults-credit-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-minor-be-sued-for-using-adults-credit-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can a minor be sued for using an adult's credit card?	When a young person is given an adult's card to make purchases, but then the adult cries foul and threatens to sue, is the child liable for the charges?	minor, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/underused-credit_card-perks-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/underused-credit_card-perks-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 free card perks you may not know about	Free upgrades, refunds, companion tickets and museum admissions are just some of the card perks you may be missing out on 	free pass, perks, Museums on Us, Citi Bike, Price Rewind, companion ticket, companion tickets
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-store-credit_card-fraud-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/protect-store-credit_card-fraud-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Protecting your business from credit card fraud	If your business makes a sale to a fraudster, you could lose the cost of the goods in addition to a charge-back fee. Know-how and technology make the best defense	small business, store, gift shop, fraud, See ID
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-women-seek-good-credit-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-women-seek-good-credit-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Women seek good credit in long-term partners	When it comes to a long-term partner's finances and credit scores, women may be more choosey than men	dating, men, women, finances, credit scores, romantic partners
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant_account-costs-financial-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant_account-costs-financial-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When does a merchant account make financial sense?	If you accept payments by credit card only occasionally, Square or PayPal are viable options, but above a certain sales volume, merchant accounts make sense	merchant account, merchant services account, Square, PayPal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/text-me-your-rent-person_to_person-payments-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/text-me-your-rent-person_to_person-payments-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Move over cash: Mobile payments go small	New services promise to make using your phone for small and casual transactions more convenient and secure. The dream: transferring money to your friends will be as easy and quick as sending an email or text message	person-to-person, P2P, PayPal, Dwolla, Popmoney, Venmo, clearXchange, mobile payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/squiggly-finger-signatures-safe-legal-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/squiggly-finger-signatures-safe-legal-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Are squiggly finger signatures legally binding?	As more retailers move to hand-held payment systems, signing with your finger is the new norm. But is that squiggly, often illegible, scribble really legally binding?	finger, signature, signing, square, hand-held
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/better-off-broke-choosing-poverty-over-wealth-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/better-off-broke-choosing-poverty-over-wealth-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Better off broke: Why some choose poverty over wealth	Not everyone craves a high-powered job, big house, luxury vacations and stockpiled cash. In fact, some prefer to both earn and spend far below their capability	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-loans-loosen-subprime-borrowers-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/car-loans-loosen-subprime-borrowers-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Subprime borrowers have easier time getting car loans	Unlike with credit cards, auto loans are becoming more available for borrowers with blemished credit	auto, loan, subprime
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elderly-mom-debt-check-cashing-loans-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/elderly-mom-debt-check-cashing-loans-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Elderly mom racks up card debt, check-cashing loans	A daughter needs advice on how to help her elderly mom who has $25,000 in card debt and is relying on check-cashing loans to get by 	financial help seniors, check-cashing loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/family-personal-loans-help-credit-score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/family-personal-loans-help-credit-score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sorry, repaying loan from mom won't help credit score	It's good you're paying back the personal loan from your mother. You're a fine son. But that doesn't count to credit bureaus	personal, loan, mother, pay back, credit, bureau, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-september-2013-no_taper-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-interest-rates-fomc-september-2013-no_taper-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed maintains support for low interest rates	The Fed  left short-term rates that govern credit card APRs unchanged at near-zero levels. It also voted to maintain current support for low long-term  rates such as mortgages, defying analysts' expectations	fed, federal reserve, fomc, rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-091813-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-091813-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain stuck at 14.99 percent 	Sept. 18, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers remained flat this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-fine-refund-309-million-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chase-fine-refund-309-million-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Feds fine Chase, order $309 million refund	The megabank took the money for, but did not deliver, the credit monitoring add-on product it sold to its credit card customers, federal regulators say	chase, consumers, credit monitoring, credit card, fine, refund, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-things-people-fail-budget-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-things-people-fail-budget-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 things people fail to budget for	If you're constantly pulling out your credit card because you couldn't stick to your budget, your problem probably isn't willpower. You're overlooking key expenses 	budget, key expenses, failure
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/issuers-remember-very-old-mistakes-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/issuers-remember-very-old-mistakes-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do card issuers remember my very old mistakes?	If you defaulted on credit card debt years ago, so long ago that the debt is off your credit report, what are your chances of getting a new card with the same issuer?	credit card debt, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-unsecured-line-credit-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-unsecured-line-credit-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Landing and maintaining an unsecured line of credit for your business	For small businesses with few assets seeking the flexibility of on-demand funds, an unsecured line of credit can be an ideal option. Keep these pointers in mind when considering one 	small business, unsecured, line of credit, credit line, collateral
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_mix-maxing_out-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_mix-maxing_out-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit mix and maxing out: Undoing damage from a heavily used card  	If you have one credit card that's close to maxed out every month, having a mix of other types of credit will help soften any credit score damage	credit mix, maxed out, retail card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-092513-increase-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-092513-increase-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise to 15.02%	Sept. 25, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers lifted this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-recession-survivors-tackling-credit-card-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-recession-survivors-tackling-credit-card-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Recession survivors are tackling debt	While those shaken by the recession are still stalling on paying down debt, those who weathered the storm are quickly recovering	recession, credit card debt, credit card bills, financial health
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-fines-debt_collection-texting-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ftc-fines-debt_collection-texting-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC says :( to debt collection text messages	The FTC has brought its first case against a debt collector for using text messages, sending a message of its own about what collectors can and can't do	debt, collection, text, messages, Federal Trade Commission
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wage-garnishment-different-states-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wage-garnishment-different-states-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wage garnishment laws differ by state	If you're served with a summons for unpaid debt, where you live will determine whether a creditor can recoup funds through wage garnishment	wage garnishment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-report-lesson-credit-card-debt-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aba-report-lesson-credit-card-debt-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Report: We've learned our lesson about using credit cards	We've  learned a lesson from the recession, says a report from a bankers' trade group, with cardholders paying lower interest, carrying lower balances	american bankers association, credit card market monitor, report, credit card, usage, balances, rates, interest, transactor, revolver
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/primary-cardholder-nonprofit-personally-liable-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/primary-cardholder-nonprofit-personally-liable-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is the primary cardholder for nonprofit personally liable?	If you're named on the agreement as the primary cardholder, you are personally liable for any debt your organization incurs. A written contract with the nonprofit might lower your risk but won't eliminate it	charity, nonprofit, liability, credit, card, joint, cardholder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emv-chip-card-africa-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emv-chip-card-africa-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do I need a chip card in Africa?	It's a good idea to bring a chip card if you're traveling to Africa, especially if you plan to travel between regions. Adoption rate of EMV technology throughout Africa was 77 percent by the end of 2012 and continues to expand	EMV, chip, Africa, chip-and-PIN
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-disloyal-quit-loyalty-program-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/6-disloyal-quit-loyalty-program-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Becoming disloyal: 6 reasons to quit a loyalty program	Yes, you love your perks and discounts, but at some point, your loyalty may cost you too much time and headaches to be worthwhile	rewards, loyalty, programs, 6 ways 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-issuers-target-prime-customers-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-issuers-target-prime-customers-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Good credit? Issuers want you	If you have good credit, hold out for the best deal on a new credit card, because there's a lot of competition for your business	good credit, bank card origination, new credit card, experian, credit card offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-creepy-things-data-collectors-know-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-creepy-things-data-collectors-know-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 creepy details data collectors know about you	Think you can keep your rendezvous to Montreal a secret between you and your sweetie? Not anymore. Personal data is no longer considered your own private business	big data, marketers, creepy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fiancee-leaves-ex-big-wedding-debt-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fiancee-leaves-ex-big-wedding-debt-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fiancee leaves ex with big pre-wedding debts	He gave her his credit card to buy a $3,600 dress and financed a $9,000 ring. Then she left the country, taking it all with her. What's a jilted lover to do?	jilted lover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-accept-overseas-payments-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-accept-overseas-payments-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options for accepting overseas payments expand for small business	It's easier than ever to expand your business by pursuing international customers. But accepting payments is sometimes a hitch. New services -- as well as old standbys -- can help you get paid	small business, international, overseas, PayPal, Skrill, Stripe, merchant account, currencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-guidelines-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-guidelines-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Make sure your first card is a good fit	Shopping for your first credit card is much like finding that perfect pair of jeans -- it has to fit your income as well as be age and credit appropriate	first credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ramages-nfcc-lose-debt-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ramages-nfcc-lose-debt-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Biggest debt losers: Couple weathers hardships to repay $50,000 	Cancer, Alzheimer's and unexpected early retirement can't deter a Georgia couple from sticking to repayment plan and paying off $50,000 in card debt	biggest losers, nfcc, ramage, ramages, debt makeover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-card-act-cuts-fees-20-billion-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/study-card-act-cuts-fees-20-billion-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Study: CARD Act cut fees $20 billion	A study of 150 million credit card accounts found that the CARD Act of 2009 cut fees sharply for cardholders, and subprime borrowers saw the most savings	CARD Act, credit card fees, late fees, over-limit fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card_act-round-2-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card_act-round-2-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit CARD Act: Round 2 coming?	A report from the federal consumer financial regulator says the CARD Act has cut gotcha-type fees, but other problems continue, and need to be addressed	credit, card, act, federal, regulators, cfpb, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-damage-worse-debt-settlement-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bankruptcy-damage-worse-debt-settlement-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bankruptcy's credit damage worse than debt settlement's	Both hurt badly, as they should, since they're serious debt defaults. But bankruptcy causes the greater credit score damage	credit score, report, damage, hurt, debt, settlement, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inherit-frequent_flier-miles-death-parent-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inherit-frequent_flier-miles-death-parent-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you claim frequent flier miles after death of a parent?	Airline policies on the transfer of miles after a death are often restrictive, but it's always worth calling and asking. You've got the best chance if the deceased left the miles to you in a will	frequent flier, AAdvantage, American Airlines, death, inherit, transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/diy-recycle-rebuild-old-furniture-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/diy-recycle-rebuild-old-furniture-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Recycling, rebuilding old furniture as a DIY money-maker	It's the ultimate in frugality -- taking old furniture and recreating it into something new. It can even make you a few bucks	recycle, furniture, diy, tools, redecorate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-100213-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-100213-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 15.02 percent 	Oct. 2, 2013: Average rates on new card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, APRs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paperless-tickets-unbanked-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/paperless-tickets-unbanked-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paperless ticket trend leaves unbanked outside the gate	Swiping a credit card has replaced tearing a ticket stub as the mode of entry to a growing number of entertainment events. No card? No entry	paperless, tickets, concerts, Justin Bieber, Bruce Springsteen, Miley Cyrus, unbanked, Ticketmaster, Veritix
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overseas-travel-requires-emv-chip-card-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overseas-travel-requires-emv-chip-card-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Headed overseas? Get an EMV chip card	If you're headed to Europe, it would be wise to upgrade your magnetic-stripe card to a chip card as many countries have migrated to EMV technology	magnetic-stripe cards, EMV, chip cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/church-limit-credit_card-users-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/church-limit-credit_card-users-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Church should limit users of its credit card 	A small church struggles to get receipts from five users of its credit card account. But changing the account name isn't enough. It needs to consider more restrictions	church, nonprofit, officers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/CFPB-fines-payment_processor-mercador-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/CFPB-fines-payment_processor-mercador-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB widens its debt settlement crackdown	The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fined a service provider for handling illegal debt settlement fees, marking an expansion in its crackdown on scammers	debt settlement, CFPB, payment processor, upfront fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-jobs-require-great-credit-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-jobs-require-great-credit-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 jobs that require great credit 	Before applying for that dream -- or even interim -- job, you may want to pull your credit report and deal with any problems first	credit check
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-unemployment-consumers-judgmental-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-unemployment-consumers-judgmental-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Unemployment makes consumers critical of debt	Those struggling to find work are more likely to look down their noses at your credit card debt, survey says	mintel, unemployed, underemployed, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/furloughed-federal-workers-bank-help-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/furloughed-federal-workers-bank-help-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Banks soften due dates, offer help to furloughed federal workers	Banks are offering special help for victims of a man-made disaster -- the federal government shutdown that has furloughed federal workers and forced them into economic hardship	banks, furlough, federal, workers, hardships, break, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-payment-gun-sales-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/card-payment-gun-sales-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Controversy erupts over credit card payments for guns	A credit card processing company's decision to stop authorizing legal gun sales from a large North Carolina gun shop has ignited a full-bore controversy over firearms and freedom	gun, store, sell, processor, payments, political, freedom, Hyatt, sales
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/down-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-100713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/down-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-100713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card debt fell in August	Credit card balances were down in August for the third straight month, according to the Federal Reserve	card, debt, balances, g19, consumer credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/too-many-credit-cards-credit-score-impact-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/too-many-credit-cards-credit-score-impact-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can too many credit cards mess up your credit score?	When a review of your credit report says you have too many card accounts open, will your otherwise stellar credit take a nosedive if you cancel some?	credit report, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-up-short_term-rewards-promos-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keeping-up-short_term-rewards-promos-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping up with ever-shorter rewards promos	For consumers, the rise of deals and bonuses that last for as little as one day can mean even more ways to save money or accumulate credit card rewards. But the trend also means cardholders have to pay closer attention 	rewards, loyalty, short-term, promos, promotions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sold-debt-collect-sue-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sold-debt-collect-sue-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Yes, debt collectors have the right to collect, and sue	Some people mistakenly believe that when a debt is charged off, the obligation to pay disappears. Not so. Debt collectors have the legal right to pursue, and sue, you	debt, collectors, sue, collect
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-100913-rise-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-100913-rise-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise to 15.03%	Oct. 9, 2013: Average rates on new card offers ticked up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, 15.03
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government_shutdown-slows-credit-applications-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/government_shutdown-slows-credit-applications-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Government shutdown obstructs credit card applications	The government shutdown has cut off IRS income verification services that lenders use to approve loans, including some credit cards	credit, card, applications, irs, slowdown, shutdown
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chronic-repeat-late-card-payments-fee-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/chronic-repeat-late-card-payments-fee-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Chronic late credit card payments: How bad can fines, fees get?	Occasional tardiness won gentler treatment under a 2009 reform law, but repeat offenses bring heavier penalties	repeat, chronic, late, pay
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/will-closing-new-credit-card-hurt-score-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/will-closing-new-credit-card-hurt-score-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will closing a new, unused card hurt my score?	If you just got new plastic, but a more attractive offer comes in the mail, would it be OK to cancel the first card and apply for the second?	credit score, new credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redeem-miles-partner_airlines-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redeem-miles-partner_airlines-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How do I redeem miles on alliance partner airlines?	In most cases, you can book your flight in the same way you would a flight on the airline that holds your award miles. There may be some exceptions, though	redeem, miles, rewards, AAdvantage, oneworld, British Airways, alliance, partner
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charged-off-debt-collectors-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charged-off-debt-collectors-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How much can collectors legally boost charged-off debts?	Debt collectors are limited in what they can tack on to the debts they charge says  Courts are setting higher standards for debt buyers to prove their right to charge you additional interest after a bank has written off your debt	interest, debt buyers, charge-off
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile-banking-coming-up-from-behind-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-mobile-banking-coming-up-from-behind-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Mobile banking coming up from behind	For the first time, mobile banking has outstripped more old-fashioned methods of account maintenance, such as telephone and mail	mobile banking, american bankers association, bank accounts, mail, telephone
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turned-down-for-secured-card-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/turned-down-for-secured-card-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Turned down for secured card. Now what?	After being turned down for a secured card, which is designed for people with bad credit, are there any other options to rebuild your credit?	secured card, rebuild credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-old-cards-low-interest-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cancel-old-cards-low-interest-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Seeking low-interest cards in quest for a better credit score	If you're trying to recover from bad credit, will canceling old cards and opening new cards improve your credit score?	credit cards, low interest, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-us-bankruptcy-filing-statistics-2013.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/state-us-bankruptcy-filing-statistics-2013.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2013 bankruptcy filings continue decline	2013 is on track to be the third straight year of reduced filings since 2010, when the aftermath of the recession pushed personal bankruptcies to about 1.53 million	bankruptcy, filing, 50 states, Chapter, 7, 13
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-101613-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-101613-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain near record highs	Oct. 16, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/who-pays-credit-card-bill-after-parent-dies-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/who-pays-credit-card-bill-after-parent-dies-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who pays card bill after parent dies?	Once a parent passes, all bills should go through his or her estate. Even if you used the card with permission prior to death, if it's not your card, it's not your bill	debt after death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-ways-prep-lean-holiday-season-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-ways-prep-lean-holiday-season-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways to prep for a lean holiday season 	Avoid buyer's remorse this season by checking out these expert tips for keeping your spending frugal but festive	holiday spending, frugal, credit card rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refinancing_home-business_loan-interest_rate-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refinancing_home-business_loan-interest_rate-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using a cash-out refinancing of your home to pay off a business loan	Before you rush into refinancing your small-business loan with a cash-out refi, make sure you understand the risks. You may get a better interest rate, but could ultimately pay more	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emv-chip_and_pin-us-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/emv-chip_and_pin-us-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do chip-and-PIN cards work in the US? 	A chip card issued in the U.S. will work here because point-of-sale terminals will read the mag stripe and ignore the embedded microchip. The same is true of cards issued overseas -- unless the issuer ignores the mag stripe, which is happening more often	chip-and-PIN, chip, PIN, EMV, magnetic, strip, stripe, reader
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-cost-of-halloween-2013-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-cost-of-halloween-2013-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: The cost of Halloween	Those celebrating Halloween will spend an average of $107 this year. Our infographic shows the traditions and treats that will cost Americans an arm and a leg -- and perhaps various other body parts	halloween, cost, spending, shopping, costumes, candy, greeting cards, trick or treat, pumpkins, top costumes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-debt-in-collections-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/medical-debt-in-collections-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting rid of old medical debt	When old medical debt is keeping you from moving ahead with your life, it's time to take action. Either pay it off or work out a debt settlement with collectors	medical, debt, collections, pay, settle
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dry_cleaning-frugal-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dry_cleaning-frugal-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ways to save on dry cleaning	Is dry cleaning your work clothes eating away at your pay check? Save that money by dry cleaning at home 	dry cleaning, home
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-complaints-zing-credit-bureaus-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-complaints-zing-credit-bureaus-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New complaint data zings credit bureaus	Federal complaint data shows that consumers are often dissatisfied -- even when credit bureaus say they have addressed the problem	complaints, cfpb, data, resolved, credit bureaus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-house-credit_score-add-spouse-authorized_user1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-house-credit_score-add-spouse-authorized_user1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Adding a spouse as authorized card user to boost score	Couples looking to buy a house can buff their team credit score by having the person with better credit add the partner with worse credit as an authorized card user	house, mortgage, credit, score, add, authorized
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aarons-rents-spyware-webcam-ftc-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/aarons-rents-spyware-webcam-ftc-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FTC to Aaron's: Shut down your rental computers' peephole webcams	Consumers who rented Aaron's Inc. computers were subject to a nasty privacy invasion: spyware that captured their every activity at home, including what the FTC terms 'intimate activities'	aarons, spyware, rents, computers, webcams, spyware, intimate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/co-signed-student-loan-leaves-mom-on-hook-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/co-signed-student-loan-leaves-mom-on-hook-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mom co-signed, now stuck with student loan payments	When a parent co-signs a student loan for a child, the assumption is usually that the child will make payments after they graduate. But sometimes, things backfire 	student loan
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-102313-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-102313-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady at 15.03 percent	Oct. 23, 2013: Average rates on new card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/victim-prevent-home-burglaries-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/victim-prevent-home-burglaries-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't be a victim of home burglaries	Home robbers prize homes easy to rob and hard to get caught robbing. These steps will prevent them from seeing your house as being on either list 	burglary, victim, real-estate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cards-maxed-out-10-years-debt-plan1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cards-maxed-out-10-years-debt-plan1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cards maxed out for 10 years? Perhaps you need a plan	If you've lived for a decade with maxed-out credit cards, consider a debt management plan, but pick your counselor carefully and know the credit impact	debt management plan, maxed out, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash_advances-cost-rates-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash_advances-cost-rates-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The high cost of credit card cash advances	Using your credit card to draw cash at an ATM or writing one of those handy checks that comes in your monthly statement can cost you plenty, an exclusive CreditCards.com survey shows	cash advance, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business_credit_card-debt-authorized_user-spouse-death-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business_credit_card-debt-authorized_user-spouse-death-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is a widow liable for using dead husband's card?	After the death of a spouse, continuing to use his or her plastic can be considered fraudulent. And if you can't make the payments, the issuer can come after you 	debt after death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/three-ways-curb-pre-holiday-money-stress-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/three-ways-curb-pre-holiday-money-stress-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 ways to curb pre-holiday money stress	Ah, the holidays. From Halloween to New Year's Eve, it's common to experience the financial freak out. Must you, though? No, say the experts	holiday stress
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-lottery_tickets-credit_card-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/buy-lottery_tickets-credit_card-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Buy lottery tickets with a credit card? Maybe	Buying lottery tickets with credit cards is banned by some states' laws, and the policies of retailers and card issuers' policies ban purchasing lottery tickets with credit cards. That may be changing, however, as online lottery sales slowly spread	lottery, lotteries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash_advance-guide-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash_advance-guide-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A quick guide to credit card cash advances: No! Don't! 	In an emergency, when you have no other options, then maybe – maybe – taking a cash advance from your credit card makes sense. Otherwise, no. And by that, we mean, NO!	credit card, cash advance, guide
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mailing-statement-11-days-before-due-date1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mailing-statement-11-days-before-due-date1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can card issuer send bills just 11 days before due date?	The Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 says consumers should get 21 days from the time the bill was sent until it's due	credit card act, pay, bills, late, due, 21 days 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-cues-retailers-use-to-boost-spending-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/7-cues-retailers-use-to-boost-spending-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Beware: 7 retailer tricks that make you spend more	From jumbo-sized carts to BOGO deals, retailers employ all sorts of tactics to nudge you into buying products that aren't on your list 	retailer tricks
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-scott-adams-goals-are-for-losers-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-scott-adams-goals-are-for-losers-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dilbert creator Scott Adams: Goals are for losers	In his new book, the cartoonist who chronicles workplace buffoonery argues to be successful, never, ever follow your passion 	Scott Adams, dilbert, goals, losers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-racks-up-debt-joint-accounts-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-racks-up-debt-joint-accounts-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ex-wife racks up debt on joint accounts	When a marriage is over, joint accounts should be severed. If not, an ex's financial misbehavior can come back to haunt you 	divorce and card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile_apps-track-business_card-receipts-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mobile_apps-track-business_card-receipts-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mobile apps help track business credit card receipts 	A handful of receipt-tracking apps now offer new ways to track business expenses, allowing you to capture receipts and file them on the fly 	business card, small business, expense, expenses, receipts, apps, app, mobile
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-103013-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-103013-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady at 15.03 percent 	Oct. 30, 2013: Interest rates on new card offers lingered at 15.03 percent Wednesday for the fourth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-october-2013-no-taper-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-interest-rates-fomc-october-2013-no-taper-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed keeps its foot on the gas	The Federal Reserve's interest rate-setting committee decided to maintain its measures aimed at keeping interest rates at historic lows	FOMC, federal reserve, quantitative easing, monetary policy, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-preferred-payment-method-location-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-preferred-payment-method-location-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Preferred payment methods vary by location	Buying groceries? You'll pay by debit card. Online? It's credit cards or PayPal. Grabbing a burger? You'll fork over cash, says a study of preferred payment methods	payment methods, debit, credit, paypal, cash, shopping
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/email-electronic-statements-business_card-mistake-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/email-electronic-statements-business_card-mistake-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	A glitch with e-statements, and poof! Your APR is 30%	If you never signed up for electronic statements and ended up missing payments because of the switch, you may have grounds to reverse the credit damage	electronic statements, e-statements, e-statement, email, business card, balance transfer
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_churches-credit_cards-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_churches-credit_cards-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How small churches can master credit cards	Small churches face unique problems when it comes to using credit cards responsibly. But the right approach can prevent problems and allow churches to focus on their higher calling	church, use, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earning_rewards-telecom_purchases-loyalty_cards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earning_rewards-telecom_purchases-loyalty_cards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Earning rewards for telecom purchases	AT&T offers two rewards cards that earn savings on your phone or Internet bill. But other rewards cards may offer a better deal	telecom, phone, telecommunications, Rogers, AT&T, Chase Ink
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-elayaway-credit_cards-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/layaway-elayaway-credit_cards-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Layaway 2013: Survives recession's end, but evolves	Compare fees and policies for the old-fashioned holiday financial helper, which enjoyed a revival during the recession and shows every sign of sticking around 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2013-gift-card-survey-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2013-gift-card-survey-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift cards 2013: Reload, please	Our exclusive survey of all the top gift card sellers shows this year's trend is that they'd really like you to get you to register your card and reload it. And reload it and reload it	gift card, compare, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grace-period-avoid-paying-interest.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/grace-period-avoid-paying-interest.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to use the grace period to avoid paying interest	Taking advantage of the grace period's break on interest charges can save the typical card user a couple hundred bucks a year, but the savings aren't automatic	grace, period, interest free, rate, borrow, billing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reverse_mortgage-rules-change-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reverse_mortgage-rules-change-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rules change on reverse mortgages	The Reverse Mortgage Stabilization Act, which went into effect on Sept. 30, imposes limits on loan sizes and raised mortgage insurance premiums 	reverse mortgage 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/october-fed-senior-loan-officer-survey-2013.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/october-fed-senior-loan-officer-survey-2013.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: banks loosen credit limts	Banks aren't rushing to grant more credit cards to new applicants, but they are being more generous about expanding credit limits	fed, senior loan officers, survey, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-gifts-cost-too-much-to-receive-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-gifts-cost-too-much-to-receive-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	No thanks; 12 gifts that cost too much to receive	Tablet, iPhone, a new puppy? Sometimes your best intentions to fulfill your loved ones' wishes can end up costing them a lot more than what you intended	iphone, tablet, gifts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-its-time-to-drop-dads-credit-card-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-its-time-to-drop-dads-credit-card-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When's a good time to drop dad's card?	His dad helped him get off to a good credit start by sharing a card with him during college. Now, at 23, it's time to drop dad's card and get his own 	young credit, dad, first card, drop
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-using-another-persons-credit-card-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-using-another-persons-credit-card-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Young people more likely to freely swap plastic	While older people are more likely to hold tight to their credit and debit cards, younger generations are more liberal about sharing them with others, a survey says	using someone else's credit card, sharing credit card, borrowing credit card, ID, jumio
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-110613-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-110613-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise to 15.05 percent 	Nov. 6, 2013: Interest rates on new credit card offers rose to 15.05 percent this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-ways-redeem-rewards_points-holidays-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-ways-redeem-rewards_points-holidays-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best ways to redeem rewards points over the holidays	Credit card rewards you've been earning all year can help defray the costs of the holidays. But be sure to consider the best strategy before cashing in	rewards, miles, points, holidays
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wife-forges-husbands-signature-credit-card-application-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wife-forges-husbands-signature-credit-card-application-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Forging hubby's signature on a card application	Forging a spouse's signature here and there may be OK, but never on a credit card or loan application, and not if it's done secretly 	forgery
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/down-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-110713-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/down-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-110713-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card balances extend their slide	Credit card balances fell for a fourth month in a row in September, according to the Federal Reserve's monthly report on consumer credit	balances, federal reserve, g.19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cheap-renew-expiring-ba-avios-points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cheap-renew-expiring-ba-avios-points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cheap ways to renew soon-to-expire BA Avios points	If you're not flying with British Airways anytime soon, you can still avoid losing your miles with the help of one of your rewards credit cards	BA, British Airways, Avios, expire, Chase Sapphire, Membership Rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-doctors-office-add-credit_card_surcharge-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-doctors-office-add-credit_card_surcharge-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can a doctor's office charge a credit card surcharge?	Like other merchants, doctors' offices are allowed to charge a fee for accepting credit cards, but at the risk of aliening patients	surcharge, doctor, healthcare, health care, medical, doctor's office, fee, swipe fee, swipe fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-chart-2013.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-card-chart-2013.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift cards chart 2013	We've researched the terms and features of the cards of major banks and dozens of retailers to let you make a side-by-side comparison 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-to-wrap-gift-cards-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-ways-to-wrap-gift-cards-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 creative ways to wrap gift cards	Worried your gift card is too impersonal? With a little wit and a little inspiration, you can turn that shiny plastic into a whimsical gift 	gift card wrap
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recent-college-graduate-denied-credit-card-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/recent-college-graduate-denied-credit-card-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Great degree, great job, but no credit	Recent college grads shouldn't expect to be granted easy access to credit once they land a job. Building a great credit score takes time, patience 	first credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash_advance-poll-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash_advance-poll-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Regretting your recent cash advance? You're not alone	More than half of those who have taken a cash advance on a credit card say they have regretted that decision, according to a new CreditCards.com poll	poll, survey, cash advance, regret
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-comparison-chart-2013-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/airline-gift-card-comparison-chart-2013-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2013 airline gift card comparison chart	While most airlines offer gift cards, their terms and conditions vary. Make sure you know what you're getting before you buy	airline, gift card, chart, comparison
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift_card_exchange_sites-stretch-holiday_budget-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift_card_exchange_sites-stretch-holiday_budget-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using gift card exchange sites to stretch your holiday budget	Gift cards have become so popular that a secondary market is booming. While you probably wouldn't give mom a used sweater for the holidays, you might be able to save money by buying other people’s unwanted gift cards at a discount	gift card, gift card exchange, gift card swap, discount gift cards, used gift cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/build-credit-rent-home-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/build-credit-rent-home-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for building credit before renting a home	Landlords commonly check the credit history of potential renters; knowing and polishing yours can hand you the keys to a new home	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_balance-utilization-ratio-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card_balance-utilization-ratio-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What percentage of available credit should you stay under?	How much of your available credit should you use to keep a high credit score? There's no one-size-fits-all answer, but the less credit you use, the better 	credit, utilization, ratio, use, score, percent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-111313-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-111313-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 15.05 percent 	Nov. 13, 2013: Average rates on new card offers remained at 15.05 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift_card-scammers-new-tricks-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift_card-scammers-new-tricks-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Gift card scammers skirt security with new tricks	With security surrounding gift cards improving, scammers are resorting to new tactics, including old-fashioned trickery and new technology	gift card, gift cards, scam, scams, fraud, crime, social engineering
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-fed-household-debt-credit-report-q3-2013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ny-fed-household-debt-credit-report-q3-2013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	NY Fed: Household debt rise marks a 'turning point'	Households increased their debt load in the third quarter by the largest amount since early 2008, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York	household debt and credit, federal reserve bank of new york,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/under_21-entrepreneur-build_credit-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/under_21-entrepreneur-build_credit-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Entrepreneurial and under 21? You'll need to build a credit record	Starting a business at age 20 often requires credit. The CARD Act makes building a credit record more difficult for young people, but it can be done	startup, small business, CARD Act, under 21, credit record
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-judgment-inheritance-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-judgment-inheritance-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt judgment puts inheritance at risk	When expecting an inheritance after you've had a judgment against you for unpaid debt, don't worry -- that money doesn't automatically go to creditors. But worry: They'll come looking 	inheritance and debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gao_report-resellers-consumer-data-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gao_report-resellers-consumer-data-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GAO: Information resellers quickly invading personal lives	Data collectors know and resell your buying preferences, investments, ailments, favorite sports, hobbies and political leanings -- and need to be reined in, the government agency says in a report	gao, report, consumer, privacy 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-card-debt-financial-worries-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-card-debt-financial-worries-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Lack of savings more worrisome than card debt	Although credit card debt is more stressful than either health care or living costs, what's most likely to keep you up at night is a lack of savings for the future	financial worries, stress, credit card debt, retirement savings, living costs, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-retailers-ask-id-with-credit_card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/can-retailers-ask-id-with-credit_card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can retailers ask for ID with your credit card?	If you have signed your card, you may not be required to show your ID to make a purchase 	ID, identification, driver's license, drivers license, privacy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheriting_points-frequent_flier_miles-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheriting_points-frequent_flier_miles-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Some frequent flier miles, reward points can be inherited	You aren't going to be able to take those frequent flier miles with you on that trip to the great beyond, but you might be able to pass them on to your kids	frequent flier, inherit, points, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-cash-advances-pitfalls-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-cash-advances-pitfalls-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using your card for fast cash is costly	Sometimes a cash advance from your credit card can be a lifesaver, but high fees, interest charges make them costly for routine cash flow fixes 	cash advance
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eldar_shafir-scarcity-money-worry-decisions-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/eldar_shafir-scarcity-money-worry-decisions-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Eldar Shafir Q&A: Money worries lead to poor financial decisions	Constant concern about money makes you prone to poor financial decisions, says "Scarcity" co-author Eldar Shafir	eldar shafir, worry, money
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-discover-free-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fico-discover-free-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO credit-score giveaway coming to Discover cardholders	Discover's the latest bank to add free credit score access as a routine service, completing the route of the once-secret three-digit number to full public view	free, credit score, fico, discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112013-rise-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112013-rise-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates rise to 15.06 percent 	Nov. 20, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers inched higher this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report, credit card APRs
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing_sources-small_businesses-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing_sources-small_businesses-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	New business financing sources to try when the bank says no	With bank loans still eluding many small businesses years after the global financial crisis, new online services are sniffing out opportunity to fill the gap in the credit marketplace 	small business, Kabbage, PayPal, receivables
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheritance-remarried-death-will-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/inheritance-remarried-death-will-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Death, wills, remarriages can all change inheritances	State law governs what happens when a person dies without a will. Typically they assume that any assets of the deceased should go to a surviving spouse before going to a child	inherit, inheritance, death, will, remarriage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-do-find-lost-credit_card-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-to-do-find-lost-credit_card-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What to do when you find a lost credit card	Good Samaritans can actually make things worse if they take the wrong action. Read our surprising list of do's and don'ts for handling lost credit cards	lost card, fraud, stolen, what to do, find
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/is-family-responsible-for-moms-card-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/is-family-responsible-for-moms-card-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is family responsible for mom's debt?	An 89-year-old mom is carrying $20,000 in card debt from purchasing gifts for loved ones. Will the family be liable for the debt when she dies?	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-small_business-no_credit-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cash-small_business-no_credit-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get cash for your business without credit	If you need to buy a few hundred dollars' worth of supplies for your business but credit cards aren't an option, you might want to examine your expenses, get a job, or both	cash, small business, bad credit, cash shortage, damaged credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-inventory_financing-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-inventory_financing-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Savvy ways to finance holiday inventory	Retailers need to avoid financing inventory they are not sure they can sell — which can leave them stuck paying interest on goods they'll have to mark down in January. That's especially true for those who rely on costly credit card financing	holiday, inventory, small business, financing inventory
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-save-money-holidays-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-save-money-holidays-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card perks can save you cash this Christmas	From special rewards rates to price protection programs, a number of credit card perks can smooth your holiday shopping	rewards, perks, holidays, Christmas
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marriage-bankruptcy-medical-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/marriage-bankruptcy-medical-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Resolve medical debt before marriage	A young couple wants to tie the knot, but his unpaid medical debt looms over them. Should they go ahead with their wedding plans or put them off until the debt is cleared?	medical debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-generational-differences-debt-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-generational-differences-debt-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Millennials have unhealthy credit habits	Millennials could stand to learn a few credit-management habits from older generations, according to research from Experian	credit, management, habits, millennials, baby boomers, generation x, greatest generation, experian, utilization, late payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-card-advantages-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/secured-card-advantages-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What's the big deal about secured cards?	When your credit is trashed or you have a thin credit file, building up a solid credit score can be within reach by just signing up and using a secured card	secured credit card, credit rating, build credit, cardholder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112613-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-112613-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 15.06 percent 	Nov. 26, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boarding_privileges-united_airlines-different_card-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/boarding_privileges-united_airlines-different_card-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Use a different card, but keep priority boarding privilege	You have to request cardholder status when your boarding pass is issued in order to qualify for priority boarding privileges 	boarding, different card, airline, credit cards, United Airlines, MileagePlus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-points-bankruptcy-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/amex-points-bankruptcy-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Defaulting on card may cost you your AmEx points	If you have missed more than just a payment or two, American Express gives itself the right to cancel your account “for any reason.” If it cancels your account, you forfeit all of your points	AmEx, points, bankruptcy, American Express, missed payment, rewards, default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant_account-contract_dispute-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant_account-contract_dispute-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can you ditch your merchant account for a better deal?	If you have signed a legal contract with a card processing company, you are most likely on the hook to follow the terms of the agreement, even if another company offers you a better deal	merchant account
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first_apartment-new_graduate-savings-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first_apartment-new_graduate-savings-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Checklist for new graduates looking to rent 1st apartment	New graduates faced with a tough job market have to crunch the numbers before deciding whether they can afford to leave the nest and get an apartment of their own	new graduates, living with parents, savings, apartments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hobby-job-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hobby-job-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for turning your part-time hobby into a full-time job	Is it possible to turn your hobby into a full time job? Yes, but it's not easy and there's no guarantee of success	rat race, hobby, jewelry, business plan, marketing plan, customers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lending-friends-family-guide-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lending-friends-family-guide-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lending to friends and family: Your 4-step guide	Lending to people you know can be fraught with risk. If you're going to do it, follow this 4-step guide to check expectations and improve your chances of success	loans, lending, friends, family, friends and family
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-10-percent-think-debt-forgiven-after-death-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-10-percent-think-debt-forgiven-after-death-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: 10 percent think debt dies with them	Many consumers aren't aware their unpaid debts could haunt their survivors, according to a survey from Securian Financial Group	debt, death, co-signer, debt forgiven, estate, debt after death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips_for_jesus-enormous-tip-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/tips_for_jesus-enormous-tip-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mysterious 'Tips for Jesus' leaves behind enormous tips 	Wait staffs across the United States are hoping for a visit from an anonymous customer with a credit card and a taste for outrageous generosity	tips for jesus, generous, enormous, waiters, waitress, restaurant, tips, tipper
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/husbands-secret-debt-killing-marriage-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/husbands-secret-debt-killing-marriage-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Husband's secret debt destroying marriage	He opened new cards without his wife's knowledge, racked up debt and now can't afford the minimum payments. Should she leave him or give him another chance?	secret debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-fair-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-for-fair-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What kind of plastic can you get with fair credit?	With FICO scores in the low 600s and numerous hard inquiries on his credit reports, will card issuers accept or reject his card application?	fair credit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/death-notices-annoucements-debt-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/death-notices-annoucements-debt-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Death announcements serve notice to creditors	A published death announcement serves notice to creditors that the clock has started ticking for them to file claims against the estate	creditors, death, deceased, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/soften-mandatory_arbitration-rules-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/soften-mandatory_arbitration-rules-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card issuers soften mandatory arbitration rules	Signing away your right to go to court is part of most credit card agreements, but the CFPB is taking a look at mandatory arbitration requirements	mandatory arbitration, credit cards, cfpb 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sample-promissory_note-friends-family-loans-1293.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/sample-promissory_note-friends-family-loans-1293.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Sample promissory note for loans to family, friends	If you're lending to a relative or friend, you'll want to craft a written agreement. This sample promissory note spells out how and when you are to be paid, and what happens if the borrower doesn't repay the loan	promissory, loan, friend, family, friends and family loans, agreement, sample,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-120413-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-120413-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady at 15.06 percent 	Dec. 4, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers remained at 15.06 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-card-rewards-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holiday-card-rewards-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Holiday card rewards 2013	If you want to save a little money while using credit cards at the holidays, card issuers have some deals for you	holiday, rewards, credit card, discounts, offers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moved-no-job-lived-on-credit-cards-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/moved-no-job-lived-on-credit-cards-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Bad idea: using credit cards to pay for a move	Relocating to another state without a job, emergency fund or a place to live is just bad planning. Living off credit cards until your ship rolls in is even worse	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business_card-rewards-deals-end_of_year-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business_card-rewards-deals-end_of_year-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What are some good business rewards card deals for end of year?	December can be a good time to rack up rewards points if you’re making year-end purchases to maximize your business tax deductions. The best deal for you depends on how you plan to use the card and your preferred rewards	small business, business card, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/up-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-12062013-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/up-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-12062013-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Credit card balances shot up October	Consumers "tuned out the drama in DC" and went shopping in October, boosting credit card balances at an annualized rate of 6 percent, the Federal Reserve reported 	consumer credit, debt, credit card, g.19, fed, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-point-miles-devaluation-merger-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/frequent-flier-point-miles-devaluation-merger-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As airlines merge, frequent flier miles decline in value	As American Airlines and US Airways begin to merge, travelers are bracing for a new frequent flier program that would raise the number of miles needed for a free ticket, mirroring changes from other companies in the travel industry	American Airlines, US Airways, AAdvantage, devaluation, devalued, merger, frequent flier, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unathorized-credit-card-charges-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/unathorized-credit-card-charges-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to undo unauthorized card charges	When you provide a merchant with your card for one item but other items get added to the bill without your permission, it's time to file a dispute 	unauthorized charges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parent-dementia-debt-liable-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/parent-dementia-debt-liable-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Parent with dementia and a $40,000 debt: Who's liable?	The cost of an assisted living facility has left no room for even the minimum payments on mom's credit cards. What's an adult daughter to do? 	mother, assisted living, credit card, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-holiday-debt-for-kids-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-holiday-debt-for-kids-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: 56 percent of parents willing to rack up holiday debt	Is that first post-holiday credit card statement worth it to see your kids' eyes light up at the spread under the tree?  More than half of parents with kids under 18 say it is	credit card debt, survey, lexington law, holidays, gifts, kids, presents
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-beverly-harzog-credit-junkie-confessions-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-beverly-harzog-credit-junkie-confessions-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Former 'credit junkie' Beverly Harzog comes clean	Personal finance expert Beverly Harzog unveils her secret addiction to credit in a new book, "Confessions of a Credit Junkie"	beverly harzog
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-soon-after-bankruptcy-apply-new-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-soon-after-bankruptcy-apply-new-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How soon after bankruptcy can you get new credit cards?	With a Chapter 7 bankruptcy almost behind you, how soon is too soon to start applying for new credit? And will you be approved?	bankruptcy, Chapter 7
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity_gift_cards-donate-survey-fees-1271.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/charity_gift_cards-donate-survey-fees-1271.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Charity gift cards let recipient donate to favorite cause	School a foreign student? Sure. Feed orphaned chimps? Of course. Support local artists? Why not. For a fee, charity gift cards let recipients choose a favorite cause to support	charity gift cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refunds-carecredit-34-million-medical-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refunds-carecredit-34-million-medical-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CareCredit ordered to refund $34 million to cardholders	GE Capital and its CareCredit unit agreed to refund $34.1 million to medical patients who got faulty information when they signed up for deferred interest cards	carecredit, medical, deferred interest, zero interest, cfpb
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/withdraw_retirement-pay-debt-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/withdraw_retirement-pay-debt-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should you remove money from your retirement savings?	Generally, it is considered a bad idea to take money out of a retirement account to pay off debt, particularly if you must pay early withdrawal fees	retirement, debt, withdraw 401(k), credit card, income taxes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-credit-card-predictions-2014-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/12-credit-card-predictions-2014-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	12 credit card predictions for 2014	What will issuers do to woo new cardholders next year? Will rewards get juicier or 0 percent interest deals longer? We talked to the experts to find out 	credit card predictions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late_payments-credit_card_debt-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late_payments-credit_card_debt-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Having trouble making your credit card payments?	Do your best to continue making minimum payments on your cards. For any cards that you are not able to pay, communicate regularly with the card issuer to let them know the status of your situation	late payments, reduce spending, credit couseling, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-payment-written-verification-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-settlement-payment-written-verification-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Despite settlement, demands to repay old debt resurface	A collector's new demands you pay an old debt should go away if you got written verification of the settlement agreement. If not, take these steps	Credit account, settlement, written agreement, debt, credit reports, collector, collection
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121113-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121113-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain flat at 15.06 percent	Dec. 11, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers lingered at 15.06 Wednesday for the fourth consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-arbitration-report-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-arbitration-report-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB report: Biggest card issuers push consumers into arbitration	Few consumers use the dispute resolution format favored by banks, says a new report by the federal consumer watchdog	cfpb, arbitration, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/second_credit_card-1374.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/second_credit_card-1374.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Yes, get a second credit card, if you used the first wisely	But beware: If you're not paying off the balance every month on your primary card, applying for a second card won't help and could get you into trouble 	second credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/score-good-enough-business_credit_card-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/score-good-enough-business_credit_card-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is my credit score good enough for a business card?	Many business cards require excellent credit -- but what qualifies as "excellent" depends on the scoring system	small business, business card, business credit card, credit score, excellent credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-minimize-retail-returns-1275.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-minimize-retail-returns-1275.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 ways to minimize holiday returns without losing customers	A spate of post-holiday returns can make a real dent in your profits. There are ways for even small businesses to minimize returns without offending customers used to generous policies from retail giants	small business, holiday, returns, retail
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-paying-off-someone-elses-debt-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gift-paying-off-someone-elses-debt-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The ultimate gift: paying off someone else's debt	Interested in embracing your inner philanthropist? Instead of buying a gift, why not apply that cash to help whittle down a deserving person's debt load?	debt, give, charity, philanthropy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hotel-rewards-value-award_charts-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hotel-rewards-value-award_charts-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Award charts are key when considering hotel cards	Just because it's easy to rack up points on a hotel card doesn't mean you'll become a resort regular for free. If the points are worthless, you may be better off with a different card	Hilton HHonors, hotel, rewards, points, award charts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-cost-of-identity-theft-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-cost-of-identity-theft-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Identity theft takes an expensive, emotional toll	Imagine the populations of Illinois and Oklahoma all falling victim to identity theft, and you'll have an idea of this crime's annual scope	identity theft, id theft, cost, bureau of justice statistics
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/campus-credit_card-deals-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/campus-credit_card-deals-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB report: On-campus credit card deals fading away	The lucrative, once-secret bank deals with colleges for on-campus access to students are fading, but on-campus debit card deals are rising to take their places	credit cards, on-campus, students,deals, monitored, debit cards, prepaid cards, bank accounts
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rates-fomc-taper-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rates-fomc-taper-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed starts 'taper,' begins weaning off support for low rates	The Federal Reserve voted to pump less cash into low long-term rates, but held steady the short-term rates that set credit card APRs	fed, federal reserve, fomc, credit card, interest rate, taper
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121813-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-121813-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 15.06% for 5th week	Dec. 18, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers remained stuck at 15.06 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report, Dec. 18
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data-breach-protection-target-10-steps-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data-breach-protection-target-10-steps-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Data breach protection: 10 tips	When your card data may have been stolen by hackers in a data breach, it's no time to panic, but do be vigilant and ready to take  action if unauthorized charges show up	target, data breach, tips, steps, protect
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-loans-tight-credit_cards-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-loans-tight-credit_cards-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	With small-business loans elusive, credit cards may be an option	It's still not easy for many small businesses to get bank loans -- one of the cheapest sources of financing. Here's what to do if you're turned down	small business, bank loans, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-payments-study-compares-fraud-rates-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fed-payments-study-compares-fraud-rates-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed payments study: Signature cards more prone to fraud	Credit cards and signature debit cards are the payment methods most susceptible to fraud, with online transactions at highest risk, the Federal Reserve said	2013 Federal Reserve Payments Study, fraud, online transactions
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mississippi-sues-chase-bank-debt-collection-errors-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mississippi-sues-chase-bank-debt-collection-errors-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mississippi sues Chase Bank over debt collection 	Mississippi's attorney general sued Chase Bank for making false demands for debt against credit card customers	Mississippi, Jim Hood, Chase Bank, debt collection, robo-signing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepay-bill-ahead-time-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/prepay-bill-ahead-time-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Will prepaying card bill help credit score?	Paying your credit card bill as early as possible is a good habit, but it won't help your score any more than paying it on time 	credit card, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_cards-airport_lounges-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_cards-airport_lounges-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Using credit cards to unlock elite airport lounges	Credit cards that offer access to airport lounges tend to have high fees. But they're often the least expensive way in, and may be worthwhile if you're a frequent traveler	frequent flier, airport lounges, airport, lounge, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-charity-network-giving-deduction-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit_card-charity-network-giving-deduction-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Need a last-minute tax deduction? Try a credit card charity network	By donating through a major credit card's charitable giving network, you can pledge (and get the deduction) today, pay the bill next year	credit card, charity, giving, Capital One, Discover, American Express
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-122413-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-122413-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates stuck at 15.06 percent	Dec. 24, 2013: Average rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-refunds-add_on-product-fees-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/american-express-refunds-add_on-product-fees-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	AmEx makes $59.5 million in refunds for add-on products	Regulators ordered American Express to pay back customers for deceptive marketing and unfair billing of ID theft and identity protection products	American Express, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, add-on, refunds
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-debt-credit_limit-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-debt-credit_limit-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Saving money versus paying off debt	If you're able to whittle away debt, that means you have enough money to also Does it make sense to put money in a savings account while you still are repaying debts	saving money, savings account, debt, credit cards, credit limit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/behavioral-economics-6-money-mistakes-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/behavioral-economics-6-money-mistakes-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How behavioral economics explains 6 common money mistakes	Ever look back at financial decisions and ask: Why did I do that? Turns out, science can probably answer the question with behavioral economics	automated bill pay, money mistakes, pay later, debt, bills, behavioral economics, financial decisons, retirement planning
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maximizing-walmart-reward_points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/maximizing-walmart-reward_points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which credit cards earn the most reward points at Wal-Mart?	If you're a regular Wal-Mart shopper, maximizing your rewards earning potential can be complicated by how card networks classify the store	Wal-Mart, Target, rewards, points, groceries
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailers-receipt-return_policies-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/retailers-receipt-return_policies-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Top retailers' policies about returning items without receipts	Our survey of 12 large retailers' policies regarding returning items without a receipt show most allow it -- within certain limits	retailers, receipt, returns, exchanges, stores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-supplier-change-payment_terms-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-supplier-change-payment_terms-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! Our supplier is trying to change our payment terms	If a supplier is tightening credit, find out why and check your contract carefully. You may be able to fight the change or at least ask for the original terms as a courtesy	supplier, tighten, credit 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/feed_horn-scheme-curses-foiled-again-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/feed_horn-scheme-curses-foiled-again-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Curses! Foiled again! FBI warns of tinfoil 'feed horn' scheme	Federal officials are warning merchants -- and credit card customers whose cards have been stolen -- of a new, decidedly low-tech scam called the "Feed Horn Scheme"	Feed horn, scheme, credit cards, aluminum foil, authorization systems, gas stations, convenience stores, African Criminal Enterprises, FBI, satellite dish, stealing, stolen cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial_literacy-schools-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial_literacy-schools-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why Johnny can't save money -- and what schools should do about it	As the feds push for more financial education in public schools, questions linger about how financial subjects should be taught -- and whether they're even teachable for school children	financial literacy, school, teach, education, subject, teachable
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lessons-international-financial_literacy-education-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/lessons-international-financial_literacy-education-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Lessons from abroad on financial education	The U.S. is not alone in its attempts to address financial literacy in public schools. An international push is on to teach kids the money skills they need to navigate today's increasingly challenging financial landscape	international, overseas, financial literacy, education, new zealand
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-settlement-offer-rejected-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-collector-settlement-offer-rejected-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Next steps if your settlement offer to a debt collector is rejected	Once negotiations over a debt stall and collection efforts reach the legal threat stage, it is better to have your own attorney	negotiate, debt settlement, next steps, legal, lawyer 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overcome-thin-credit-secured-card-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/overcome-thin-credit-secured-card-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Options for overcoming thin credit	If you've had little or no credit history and have no income, secured cards and becoming an authorized user are your best options	thin credit, options, secured, authorized
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-tips-advice-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/first-credit-card-tips-advice-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Tips for getting that first credit card	The path to getting your first credit card may be bumpy at first, but if managed properly, the road to easy credit becomes a smooth ride	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-biggest-budget-busters-2013-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-biggest-budget-busters-2013-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: What were 2013's biggest budget busters?	For about one in five Americans, meals at restaurants were the biggest threat to their budgets in 2013, according to a survey	2013, budget buster, expenses, principal financial group, survey
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erroneous-collections-default-universal_default-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/erroneous-collections-default-universal_default-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Erroneous loan default report won't affect other credit accounts	When a large error claiming you defaulted suddenly appears on your credit, you have to fight to remove it, but it won't impact other loans	late payment, universal default, large collection, creditors, Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, account terms, erroneous, collections
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-debt-at_once-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-debt-at_once-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What helps credit score more: Pay debt all at once? Or in bits?	Paying all at once may be harder on your budget, but it's the fastest way to get a crucial credit scoring ratio back out of whack 	pay debt, all, little, bit, credit score, credit utilization, ratio
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-123113-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-123113-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates end year at 15.06 percent 	Dec. 31, 2013: A year of stability in credit card rates ends with APRs at 15.06%, just 0.1% higher than a year ago, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized_user-cash-advances-deceased-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/authorized_user-cash-advances-deceased-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	She took cash advances on his card, then he died. Does she owe?	A woman worries that the cash advances she made as an authorized user on a now-deceased man's card will raise the ire of his family 	authorized user, cash advances, liability, owe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-power-of-negative-thinking-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financial-power-of-negative-thinking-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	The financial power of negative thinking	Optimism may feel good, but pessimism is sometimes more helpful in building wealth. Here are six times it pays to have a more pessimistic financial outlook	6, pessimism, negative thinking
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-credit-building-tips-for-us-immigrants-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/9-credit-building-tips-for-us-immigrants-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 credit-buildings tips for US immigrants	The land of opportunity requires newcomers to establish credit anew once they arrive in the U.S., but you can go from nothing to good credit in a short time	credit building tips, US immigrants
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-e-receipts-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/small_business-e-receipts-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should I offer e-receipts to customers?	Electronic receipts are becoming more common in brick-and-mortar stores. Besides saving paper, they're a fairly simple marketing tool 	receipts, e-receipts, small business
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carrying-card-balance-boost-credit-score-dumb-advice-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carrying-card-balance-boost-credit-score-dumb-advice-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Keeping a card balance to boost credit score is dumb advice	Some financial "experts" claim that carrying a small balance on your credit cards is good for your credit score. It's time to kiss that myth goodbye	credit score, FICO score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/long_haul-international-flight-bonus-rewards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/long_haul-international-flight-bonus-rewards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to get to that long-haul international flight for free	A trip to the Middle East is expensive, whether you're paying with reward points or dollars. But combining a couple of credit card sign-up bonuses can nearly get you there for free	Jordan, Middle East, international, rewards, sign-up bonuses, bonus, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-baby-boomers-credit-pride-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-baby-boomers-credit-pride-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Baby boomers have the most credit pride	Baby boomers have more credit confidence than younger generations, according to a survey	credit score, proud of credit, baby boomers, millennials, Generation X
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late_fees-rise-26-cfpb-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/late_fees-rise-26-cfpb-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card late fees could rise in 2014	The CFPB has added $1 to the amount that first-time offenders can be charged for a late credit card payment, raising it to $26	late fees, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Credit CARD Act, Regulation Z, Truth in Lending
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/single-mom-struggling-credit-card-bills-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/single-mom-struggling-credit-card-bills-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Single mom struggling with card payments	A single mom living paycheck to paycheck wonders how she can clear up the charge-offs and late payments listed on her credit reports 	credit reports, credit score, single mom
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/brian-oconnor-how-to-save-1000-dollars-a-month-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/brian-oconnor-how-to-save-1000-dollars-a-month-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A: How to save $1,000 a month	Author Brian O'Connor cut his own middle-class budget by $1,000 per month and found that, in many cases, it was easier than he expected 	budget, brian o'connor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-elimination-companies-bogus-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/debt-elimination-companies-bogus-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Psst! A hot tip on debt elimination companies: They're bogus	So the guy at the airport lounge was saying how a debt elimination firm cost just $49 to cut all debt. It's real, right? Uh, no. Erica splashes cold water in a reader's face	debt elimination, tips, bogus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/up-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-01082014-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/up-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-01082014-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances rise again	Credit card balances bulged in November for a second month, as consumers' spending increased faster than their paychecks rose, the Federal Reserve said	g.19, federal reserve, consumer credit, revolving debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-010814-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-010814-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rate survey: Credit card interest rates begin year at 15.06 percent 	Jan. 8, 2014: Average rates on new card offers remained frozen in place Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-delinquencies-inch-up-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-credit-card-delinquencies-inch-up-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Credit card delinquencies inch up after three-year slide	While consumers are paying many of their loans on time, late credit card payments saw an uptick in the third quarter of 2013, according to the American Bankers Association	delinquencies, late payments, american bankers association
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/close-former-business_partner-card-accounts-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/close-former-business_partner-card-accounts-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Freezing business card accounts after the company fails	A company president wonders how to stop his former business partner from charging more on credit cards the partner opened for the business	small business, partner, close account, corporate card, business card, freeze account, fail, failure, liquidation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-reward_card-annual_fee-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/avoid-reward_card-annual_fee-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Avoiding your reward card's annual fee	You’ve banked the sign-up miles from your new card. Here’s how to escape yearly fees and keep your credit score up	annual fee, rewards card, points, frequent flier, churn, churning
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-kids-learn-from-money_mistakes-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help-kids-learn-from-money_mistakes-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to let kids fail their way to financial success	As parents, the instinct is to protect children from making mistakes -- especially costly financial flubs. But knowing how to handle mistakes can mean the difference between an error becoming a learning opportunity and a bad habit 	children, kids, teach, parents, mistakes, errors, financial education
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/do_it_yourself-DIY-debt_settlement-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/do_it_yourself-DIY-debt_settlement-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do you have what it takes for DIY debt settlement?	Settling your own debts instead of hiring someone else can save you money and put you in the power seat, but it's not for the fainthearted	debt settlement
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity_theft-military-families-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity_theft-military-families-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Military families remain easy prey for ID theft	A move to strip Social Security numbers from military and veterans' IDs is underway, but millions of old cards will leave soldiers vulnerable to ID thieves for years to come	identity theft, military, social security, numbers, id
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumers-expect-credit-to-stay-tight-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-consumers-expect-credit-to-stay-tight-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic: Consumers expect credit to stay tight	A few hopeful consumers predict credit accessibility will get easier -- but most think it will get tougher or stay the same	credit access, harder, easier, new credit, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/close-cards-credit_score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/close-cards-credit_score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Closing excess cards without hurting credit score	With a wallet full of retail cards, just how do you go about closing the extraneous ones without incurring too much credit score damage?	close, cancel, credit card, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online_gambling-boom-accept-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/online_gambling-boom-accept-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	As online gambling booms, credit card acceptance lags	States turning to online gambling find the credit card industry is reluctant to join the game, leaving gamers scrambling for alternate ways to ante up	online gambling, credit card, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-011514-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-011514-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates frozen at 15.06 percent	Jan. 15, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers remained stuck at 15.06 percent Wednesday, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-moral-guardians-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-cards-moral-guardians-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit cards: our moral guardians	When it comes to arbiters of morality and integrity, we look toward the Ten Commandments, our moms and -- in a strange and largely unnoticed new trend -- the  corporate behemoths that issue our credit cards	morally questionable transactions, online gambling firms, web-based gun merchants, legal marijuana, remove online mug shots, American Express, MasterCard, Visa, Discover
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/automated-tip-amounts-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/automated-tip-amounts-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Automated tip amounts: how to regain control	Clever mobile payment software in taxis and restaurants could be causing you to spend more on tips than you normally would	automatic tip payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-wife-opened-credit_card-in-husbands-name-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ex-wife-opened-credit_card-in-husbands-name-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Ex's ID theft thwarts new couple's finances	His ex-wife racked up debt in his name on a secret credit card, but agreed to pay if off in the divorce. But how does he clear the debt off his credit reports?	identity theft, husband, wife, divorce, ex, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/need-credit_card-build-small_business_credit-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/need-credit_card-build-small_business_credit-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Do I need credit cards to build my business credit?	Responsible use of credit cards is an easy way to build a credit record for your small business. But there are other ways, if you're determined to stay card-free	small business, business credit, business card, D&B
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/agreement-purchases-repossessed-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/agreement-purchases-repossessed-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Surprise! Many credit card agreements allow repossession	An analysis of the federal database of credit cards finds dozens include a 'security interest' clause that leaves the door open to the repo man	repossession, credit card, agreements
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-dispose-metal-card-without-shredder-sapphire_preferred-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/how-dispose-metal-card-without-shredder-sapphire_preferred-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to destroy metal credit cards without killing your shredder	The metal content in the Chase Sapphire Preferred card makes it hard to destroy with scissors or a shredder. So how can you safely dispose of it when it's time?	metal, design, titanium, sapphire preferred, metallic, shredder
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/judgment-credit_score-seven-years-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/judgment-credit_score-seven-years-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How long can a judgment impact your credit score?	Once you have a judgment against, you, it's bad: Some state laws allow them to be in force for decades. But it may fall from your credit report sooner	judgment, credit score, bank loan, The Fair Credit Reporting Act, renewal, reset FICO, creditor, debt, credit bureau
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student_loan-default-restore-credit_score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student_loan-default-restore-credit_score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Restoring credit score after defaulting on student loan 	Deferring student loan payments doesn't last forever. When they come due, it's time to pay up or suffer the credit consequences 	deferred student loans, default, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-credit_card-complaints-decline-2013-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-credit_card-complaints-decline-2013-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB: Credit card complaints decline in  2013	Consumers filed fewer complaints about credit cards with the federal consumer watchdog in 2013, but two big card issuers saw an increase in grumbles	cfpb, consumer financial protection bureau, complaint, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-012214-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-012214-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain locked at 15.06 percent	Jan. 22, 2014: Average rates on new card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obsess-perfect-credit-score-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/obsess-perfect-credit-score-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stop obsessing over a perfect credit score	When your FICO credit score is just 70 points shy of a perfect score, is it really worth the effort to push it all the way to the top?	credit score, perfect, obsess
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/award_bookers-flights-reward-miles-points-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/award_bookers-flights-reward-miles-points-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Professional award bookers promise 'free' flights for fewer miles	You could book your own frequent flier ticket, but a new trade, professional award bookers, promises to find better free flight for fewer points -- for a fee	frequent flier, points, miles, bookers, award, travel, travel agents, travel agencies
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hiding-abusive-ex-loan-payment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/hiding-abusive-ex-loan-payment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	While hiding from abusive ex, she falls behind on loan payments	A mom and her kids went into hiding to escape an abusive husband last year, but now she's worried how to make good on her lapsed car payments 	car payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mid_atlantic-complains-credit_cards-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mid_atlantic-complains-credit_cards-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Mid-Atlantic complains most about credit card problems	Washington, D.C., and neighboring states file the most complaints per capita about credit cards with the federal consumer financial regulator	complaints, cfpb, mid-atlantic, dc, washington, delaware, maryland, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-financial-cleanses-break-money-habits-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-financial-cleanses-break-money-habits-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 financial cleanses to break bad money habits	Take a page from the nutritional world and go hard core after the parts of your financial life you want to change with these five money cleanses	cleanse, financial, habit, break
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/borrow-pay-small_business-tax_bill-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/borrow-pay-small_business-tax_bill-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I borrow to pay my business tax bill?	It's usually better to borrow money to pay your tax bill than to rack up penalties and interest with the IRS. You have a few options, including credit cards	tax, small business, peer-to-peer, business card, business credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/likely-suspects-fighting-high-energy-bills-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/likely-suspects-fighting-high-energy-bills-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	To fight high energy bills, find the likely suspects	An energy bill that stays stubbornly high is cause for investigation -- starting with the big utilities that consume the most power 	high, energy, bills
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earn-rental_car-using-rewards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/earn-rental_car-using-rewards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to score a rental car using a rewards credit card	Scoring a free rental card with credit card rewards is not as straightforward as earning a free flight. But with a little know-how, you can do it 	rewards, points, miles, rental, car
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-move-relocate-3716.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credit-card-move-relocate-3716.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Moving out? Don't forget about the credit cards	Relocation is stressful enough without having it damage your credit. With a bit of planning, you can maintain your sanity -- and your credit score 	credit card, move, relocate, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-smartphone-payments-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-smartphone-payments-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	In-person smartphone payments? No thanks, most say	Most of us say "meh" to the idea of paying by smartphone, though young people, particularly men, show more interest in mobile payments	smartphone, cellphone, payments, mobile
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2014-balance-transfer-survey-1266.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/2014-balance-transfer-survey-1266.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	2014 balance transfer survey: Beware combo deals, two-tier fees	Long-lasting 0-percent balance transfer offers abound to help consumers pay down card debt, but new tweaks aren't so friendly	balance transfer credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/found-another-womans-credit-card-under-bed-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/found-another-womans-credit-card-under-bed-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wife finds another woman's credit card under bed	Her husband doesn't know whose it is, so what's a perplexed wife to do when she finds, under her bed, a credit card belonging to another woman?	found, credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/introductory_rate-deferred_interest-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/introductory_rate-deferred_interest-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't confuse introductory rate, deferred-interest deals	Interest accumulates like a ticking bomb on deferred-interest deals, exploding into huge charges if you don't pay the balance in time	deferred, interest, introductory, offer, apr, charge, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-012914-down-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-012914-down-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates fall to 15 percent	Jan. 29, 2014: Average rates on new card offers dropped this week for the first time in nearly six months. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-fomc-jan-2014-continuity-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal-reserve-fomc-jan-2014-continuity-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed holds off on rate increases	The Federal Reserve announced no change in the short-term rates that affect credit card APRs and signaled that hikes will start beyond 2014	fed, fomc, interest rates, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-reward_program-use-decline-age-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-reward_program-use-decline-age-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Infographic:Rewards program use declines across all ages	Study by Mercator Advisory Group finds consumers less interested in reward programs, more interested in tailored credit card advantages	credit cards, reward programs, ages
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cut-off-parents-financially-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cut-off-parents-financially-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	When is it time to 'cut off' your financially dependent parents?	If you’re a parent, you may be used to financially helping out your kids. But what if the tables turn and your own mom or dad starts coming to you for money? How much should you help them out? 	parents, cut off, dependent, elderly, seniors, adult children
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/choosing-credit_card-processor-medical_practice-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/choosing-credit_card-processor-medical_practice-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Choosing a credit card processor for a medical practice	If your doctor's office or medical practice is in the market for a merchant account provider, you may be able to get a deal through a professional organization. But there are other considerations besides price in choosing the right one 	medical practice, merchant account, processor, doctor's office, health care
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity_theft-fear-risky-behavior-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/identity_theft-fear-risky-behavior-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	ID theft disconnect: We fear it but still engage in risky behavior	A survey conducted by Experian's ProtectMyID found that consumers are increasingly worried about the threat of identity theft, but are not doing much to protect themselves	identity theft, credit cards, social security number, online security
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high_end-cards-luxury-hotel-perks-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/high_end-cards-luxury-hotel-perks-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	High-end reward cards offer luxury hotel perks	Luxury hotel perks are not a reason to choose a credit card. But if you frequent top-end hotels, you may be able to squeeze some value from them	luxury, hotels, perks, rewards, points, free Wi-Fi, wifi, free breakfast
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/february-fed-senior-loan-officer-survey-2014-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/february-fed-senior-loan-officer-survey-2014-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: banks keep tight grip on card loans	Federal Reserve senior loan officers survey says demand for credit cards is greater than supply	fed, senior loan officers, survey, loosen, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/too_many_credit_cards-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/too_many_credit_cards-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How many is too many credit cards?	If you've got great credit, 0 percent promotional deals are there for the taking. But does having too many paid-off cards a good or bad thing?	credit score, too many, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-clubs-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/savings-clubs-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Savings clubs: Not just for Christmas anymore	Small banks and credit unions have extended the Christmas Club tradition to encourage savings for both good times and bad	savings, clubs, bank, credit union
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data_breaches-spotlight-EMV_chip_cards-1273.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data_breaches-spotlight-EMV_chip_cards-1273.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Data breaches turn spotlight on EMV cards	Data breaches lead to a renewed push toward chip-enabled cards, but experts warn they are not the ultimate cure	EMV cards, smart cards, magnetic stripe
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-020514-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-020514-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 15 percent	Feb. 5, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers remained unchanged this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-savvy-habits-high-volume-users-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-savvy-habits-high-volume-users-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 savvy habits of high-volume credit card users	Some cardholders have learned how to charge and pay off massive sums on their credit cards while always coming out ahead. Here's what they're doing right	high-volume, use, credit card, savvy, habits
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-expands-free-fico-credit_score-program-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/discover-expands-free-fico-credit_score-program-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Discover expands free FICO credit score program	Discover cardholders will not only get a free credit score on their monthly statements, they'll have it explained to them, the company announced	discover, free, fico, score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/clean-credit_report-dispute-jamming-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/clean-credit_report-dispute-jamming-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	'Jamming' cleans your credit -- temporarily	Some credit repair clinics clog the dispute system with bogus paperwork, challenging everything on clients' credit reports. The tactic works -- temporarily	credit repair, credit report disputes
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing-equipment-small_business-credit-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/financing-equipment-small_business-credit-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Financing equipment when partners' credit profiles differ	Sharing business debt can be tricky, especially if one partner's credit profile is stronger than the other's. But there are ways to do it where both partners are still protected	lease equipment, leasing equipiment, small business, business credit card, business card 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/up-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-02072014-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/up-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-02072014-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed: Card balances leap in December	Credit card balances rose even more than usual for the holiday season, posting a third month of growth	Federal Reserve, consumer credit, g19
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redeem-british_airways-avios-miles-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/redeem-british_airways-avios-miles-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Redeeming 'impossible to use' British Airways miles	What to do with that stack of BA miles if you live in the U.S.? European award flights are loaded with surcharges but you still have many options	British Airways, Avios, fuel surcharges, frequent flier, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-programs-flexible-immediate-spending-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rewards-programs-flexible-immediate-spending-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Rewards programs move toward flexible, immediate spending	As frequent flier and hotel rewards programs get devalued, credit card issuers are offering new ways to redeem your points, from taxi rides to paying your mortgage	rewards, immediate, spending, frequent flier, points, flexible, mortgage, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dave-barry-qa-date-when-youre-forty-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/dave-barry-qa-date-when-youre-forty-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with Dave Barry: A perpetual adolescent looks at parenting	As his daughter matures, the comedy writer doesn't, but is thankful his wife can confront credit card-wielding parents of Bieber worshipers	Dave Barry, q&a, date, forty, author
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrant-rejected-approval-credit-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/immigrant-rejected-approval-credit-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card approval tips for new immigrants	New to the U.S.? Until you understand the American credit rating system, expect to be continually rejected for new credit cards	immigrant, rejected, credit, approval
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-021214-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-021214-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady at 15 percent	Feb. 12, 2014: Interest rates on new credit card offers remained untouched this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rapid-rescoring-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/rapid-rescoring-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How rapid rescoring works to improve a credit score	A rapid rescore can be requested by a mortgage lender to quickly undo damage from an erroneous credit report, but it won't erase your old mistakes	rapid rescore, credit report, repair, errors
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-surcharge-card-customers-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-surcharge-card-customers-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can my business add a surcharge for card-paying customers?	Swipe fees can weigh on a business's bottom line. But examine your business contracts and state law before passing them on to customers who pay with debit or credit cards	swipe fees, surcharge, surcharges, merchant, California
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/after-divorce-ex-unpaid-joint-debts-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/after-divorce-ex-unpaid-joint-debts-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	After divorce, ex leaves joint debts unpaid	You're never really free of an ex-spouse as long as you have credit card and other debt together. When one stops paying, what recourse do you have?	joint, debt, divorce, ex, unpaid, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reaping-miles-points-rewards-everyday-spending-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/reaping-miles-points-rewards-everyday-spending-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Reaping miles and points with everyday spending	Lucrative sign-up bonuses are tempting but chasing them can be exhausting and fraught with credit risks. There are other ways to boost your credit card rewards 	rewards, bonus, bonuses, sign-up, points, miles, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/include-all_debts-payoff-plan-dmp-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/include-all_debts-payoff-plan-dmp-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Include all debts in a management plan	When going into a formal debt management plan from a credit counseling agency, you can't keep several credit card accounts open. That defeats the purpose of getting out of debt 	DMP, debt management plan, include, exclude, payoff
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-debts-come-back-to-life-1099-C-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/old-debts-come-back-to-life-1099-C-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Old debts come back to life with 1099-C	When an old, unpaid debt gets written off, chances are that you'll receive a 1099-C cancellation of debt notice, meaning Uncle Sam wants his cut	1099-C, cancellation of debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data-breaches-whos-to-blame-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/data-breaches-whos-to-blame-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Data breaches: Who's to blame?	With breaches at major retailers allowing infiltration of shoppers' financial data, the question arises: Who's responsible?	data breaches, Target, White Lodging, Neiman Marcus, malware
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gao-college-debit_card-report-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gao-college-debit_card-report-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	GAO urges changes in college-provided debit cards	A federal report questions the fairness of a new breed of college-provided debit cards and urges transparency on the deals -- and the fees charged students	student, debit, higher one, college, deals, cards, gao, report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-debt-borrowing-again-7502.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/consumer-debt-borrowing-again-7502.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Households are borrowing money again	A new federal report shows U.S. consumers are steadily building debt once again, with the end of 2013 seeing the first annual increase in debt since the Great Recession 	debt, consumers, credit cards, Federal Reserve Bank, recession, reports
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital_one-debt-collection-policy-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/capital_one-debt-collection-policy-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Capital One backs away from invasive debt collection policy	Capital One will modify controversial terms saying it can visit cardholders, and denied spoofing its number on caller ID systems	capital one, debt, collection, policy, visit, home, work, call, anytime, anywhere
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-021914-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-021914-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates tick up to 15.01%	Feb. 19, 2014: Interest rates on new credit card offers inched up this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report, interest, rates, rise, 15.01, percent
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-free-airport_lounges-perk-1277.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/13-free-airport_lounges-perk-1277.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	13 luxe airport lounges you can access with a credit card	Most airport lounges are open only to first- or business-class fliers, elite members of frequent-flier programs or to those willing to pay up to $70 for a day pass. But there’s another way in: having the right credit card in your wallet	rewards, frequent flier, points, miles, lounge, airport, perk
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/build-credit-score-first-auto-loan-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/build-credit-score-first-auto-loan-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Steps to building your credit before 1st auto loan	A newcomer to credit, even someone who's handled credit well so far, won't have a great score. Additional work is need to get a good first auto loan	first, auto loan, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-travel_perk-roper_poll.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/top-travel_perk-roper_poll.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Which travel card perk is the most popular?	A GfK Roper poll commissioned by CreditCards.com asked consumers which credit card travel perk is their favorite: free checked bags, rental car insurance, travel insurance, priority boarding or airport lounge access	Roper, perk, baggage, travel, bags
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jamming-cleans-credit_report-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/jamming-cleans-credit_report-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How 'jamming' cleans your credit report -- temporarily	The scam called jamming throws a wrench into a beleaguered credit report dispute process, making it harder for the big three credit bureaus to keep up with legitimate disputes 	credit bureaus, jamming, credit score, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cut-personal-credit-ties-failing-business-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cut-personal-credit-ties-failing-business-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cut personal credit ties to a failing business	You're president, but not the owner, of a failing business, but the company cards are in your name? Close those cards -- pronto 	business card, business credit card, failing, guarantor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pets-reward-frequent-flier-miles-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pets-reward-frequent-flier-miles-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If you fly with a pet, can it earn frequent flier miles?	Flying with furry companions is complex, with airlines' rewards rules and countries' policies overlapping. Earning mileage points for flying with Fido is rare.	cat, dog, animal, pet, fly, frequent flier, miles, rewards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-tips-customer_service-call_center-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/4-tips-customer_service-call_center-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Complain and win: 4 tips for calling credit card customer service 	If you have a problem with your card, don't let endless options and hold music deter you. With a little knowledge and the right attitude, you can get results	customer service, call center, complaint, complain
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/whos-responsible-kids-unauthorized-charges-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/whos-responsible-kids-unauthorized-charges-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Who's responsible for kids' unauthorized card charges?	You're not responsible for unauthorized purchases, but when the unauthorized purchaser is right under your own roof, things can get fuzzy	kids, children, authorized, unauthorized, purchases, buys, credit card, responsible, liability
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cj-box-stone-cold-qa-1278.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cj-box-stone-cold-qa-1278.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Author C.J. Box takes his outside chance at success	With "Stone Cold," Box's 14th novel featuring Wyoming game warden Joe Pickett, he and his wife can cut their last ties to the travel business	stone cold, cj box, author, joe pickett, Q&A
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-go_broke-expensive_friends-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-go_broke-expensive_friends-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to keep but not go broke with expensive friends	Unless you want them to visit you in the poorhouse, understand why you want to match your high-spending pals dollar for dollar, then find less-expensive alternatives 	expensive, friends, alternatives, broke
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disability-federal-student_loan_discharge1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/disability-federal-student_loan_discharge1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Disabled? How to discharge federal student loans	After taking out student loans to earn a degree, medical issues kept her from pursuing her career. Now 65, she owes big, and a discharge may be her best bet. Here's how to win one	student loans, disability, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad_debts-gone-credit_reports-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/bad_debts-gone-credit_reports-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Making sure bad debts are gone from your credit report	Still paying a collector for an old debt? It should eventually fall off your credit report. But take care or it could linger longer 	old debt, collections, gone, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-paying-change-original_reward-levels-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/keep-paying-change-original_reward-levels-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Must cards keep paying out at their original reward level?	Cardholder agreements give issuers free rein to change reward programs. But if you think there's been an error, there are a few things you can do	rewards, points, miles, cash back
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holder-data_breach-disclosure-law-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/holder-data_breach-disclosure-law-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Attorney General Holder calls for data breach disclosure law	U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Congress should require businesses to tell customers promptly after hackers steal information 	cybercrime, hacking, identity theft, Eric Holder, Target, Neiman Marcus
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/return_assistance-aid-refunds-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/return_assistance-aid-refunds-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Too late for a refund? Return assistance programs may help	Credit card return assistance programs extend the window for refunds on products you've bought with the card. But you'll find lots of exclusions in the fine print 	return assistance, returns, refunds
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-022614-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-022614-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates hold steady at 15.01 percent	Feb. 26, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/partner-bankruptcy-authorized-user-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/partner-bankruptcy-authorized-user-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	If authorized user goes bankrupt, account holder's credit not at risk	Granting authorized user status to a partner who later goes bankrupt won't risk your credit, but watch out for any joint accounts	credit score, report, bankruptcy, partner, authorized user
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-urges-free-credit_scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cfpb-urges-free-credit_scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	CFPB calls for free credit scores	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau urged credit card issuers to make credit scores available to customers for free	cfpb, consumer, free, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-business_card-without-social_security_number-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/get-business_card-without-social_security_number-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting a business card without a Social Security number	For foreign nationals setting up shop in the U.S., it's not easy to get a business credit card. Most applications require a Social Security number, but there are a few exceptions	Social Security, business card, business credit card, Taxpayer Identification Number
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/surprise-property-liens-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/surprise-property-liens-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Property liens shouldn't be a surprise	Property liens can be an effective way to get repayment on debts owed, but they're not easy to get and often involve a court judgment	property lien, surprise
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-personal-finance-tops-dreaded-talks-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/infographic-personal-finance-tops-dreaded-talks-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Personal finance tops dreaded talks	Wells Fargo poll shows that people hate talking about personal finances more than death, politics or religion.	Wells Fargo Financial Health study, personal finances, stress over money, discussing finances
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-changes-award-earnings-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/delta-changes-award-earnings-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Delta changes award program; should you change your card?	Delta's announcement that it will change the way flying customers earn miles doesn't affect how you earn on co-branded credit cards. Still, it may be worth reconsidering your rewards card strategy	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit_scores-cards-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free-credit_scores-cards-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cards with free credit scores	Cards are under regulatory pressure to provide free credit scores to customers. Here is a snapshot of programs at major card issuers	cards, free, credit scores
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/slava_gomzin-safest-way-pay-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/slava_gomzin-safest-way-pay-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Q&A with security expert Slava Gomzin on the safest way to pay	What's being done to protect cardholders at checkout -- and what can we do in the meantime to protect ourselves? We asked Slava Gomzin, security and payments technologist at Hewlett-Packard and author of "Hacking Point of Sale" 	Slava Gomzin, Target, Nieman Marcus, EMV, security, PayPal
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-stuffocation-author-james-wallman-1280.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-stuffocation-author-james-wallman-1280.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Does more 'stuff' really make you happy?	Buying stuff gives you a quick high, but that doesn't last for long, says "Stuffocation" author James Wallman. By focusing your time and money resources on experiences instead, you’ll find joy while also avoiding depressing debt.	stuffocation, author, qa, james wallman
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/son-uses-dads-card-after-he-dies-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/son-uses-dads-card-after-he-dies-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Son uses dad's card after he dies	Believing the card he shared with his dad was a joint account, the son kept using the card after Dad's death. But he was just an authorized user, so who's to pay the bill?	authorized user, joint account, card, death
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-signs-spouse-financial-bully-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/nine-signs-spouse-financial-bully-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 signs your spouse is a financial bully	Many couples argue over money, but what if your spouse takes away your credit cards or demands you turn over your paycheck? Watch out: you might be married to a financial bully	financial bully
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stop-paying-late-mothers-debt-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/stop-paying-late-mothers-debt-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Stop paying your late mother's credit card debt	Some advice for a daughter who has continued to pay her deceased mom's card bills for five years, and still owes $3,000: Stop. Now	credit card, mother, deceased, dead, pay off, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-questions-refinance-small_business-debt-1269.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/5-questions-refinance-small_business-debt-1269.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Time to refinance small-business debt? Five questions to ask	Many entrepreneurs got the cold shoulder from their banks during the credit crunch and turned to other, high-interest lenders or credit cards instead. Now could be a good time to forget about past snubs and try to get a bank loan to refinance costly debts	refinance, small business, SBA, loans
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/winning-credit-game-of-thrones-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/winning-credit-game-of-thrones-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Winning the credit 'Game of Thrones'	Managing your credit cards can sometimes feel like waging an epic battle with unseen enemies on all sides -- sort of like the characters on "Game of Thrones"	game of thrones, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-030514-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-030514-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 15.01 percent	March 5, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers remained at 15.01 Wednesday for the third consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mom-trashed-my-credit-1580.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/mom-trashed-my-credit-1580.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help! Mom trashed my credit	It's tough to find that a card you never signed up for is dragging down your credit and chances for employment, but if you were just an authorized user, you'll get off easy	mom, authorized user, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/familiar_fraud-damage-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/familiar_fraud-damage-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Familiar fraud: When family and friends steal your identity	When identity fraud victims know their imposters, it can rip apart relationships as it ruins finances, making it a tough crime to overcome	familiar fraud, ID theft
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-financial_transparency-college-banks-1279.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/students-financial_transparency-college-banks-1279.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Students seek financial transparency from college administrators 	Students from 20 colleges and universities across the county delivered letters to their school administrators Thursday asking for greater transparency about school partnerships with financial institutions 	students, financial, transparency
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-liability-small_business-debt-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/personal-liability-small_business-debt-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can personal credit suffer due to old business debt?	Your loan contract will determine whether an old business debt can be held against you, in court and on your personal credit	judgment, small business, LLC, suit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/down-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-03072014-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/down-g19-federal_reserve-credit-debt-03072014-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card debt falls in January	Card balances reversed direction and fell in January, as consumers got hit by harsh weather and expiring jobless benefits	credit card, debt, g19, federal reserve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/default-stipulated-judgment-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/default-stipulated-judgment-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't default on a stipulated judgment	When you agree to pay a creditor a reduced amount each month to satisfy an old debt and then default, you risk having to pay the full balance	stipulated judgment
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/switch-new-card-same-bank-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/switch-new-card-same-bank-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Switching to a new card from the same bank	An issuer may conduct a hard pull on your credit record if you apply for a new card, even if you already have a card with that bank. But it's probably worth it if the card is a better fit	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fees-not-interest-dominate-revenue-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/fees-not-interest-dominate-revenue-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card fees, not interest, dominate revenue	Credit card fees, and not interest, continued to dominate card issuers' revenue in 2013.	credit card fees, credit card interest, card issuers, revenue
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/from-bankruptcy-to-millionaire-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/from-bankruptcy-to-millionaire-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	3 who bounced back from bankruptcy to millionaires	Bouncing back after a bankruptcy may not be easy, but it can be done. The most prosperous of the rebounders analyze their past shortcomings, chart a better route, then march full force into the future	bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest_rate-increase-cost-cardholders-1276.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest_rate-increase-cost-cardholders-1276.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What an interest rate increase will cost cardholders	Interest rates, at historic lows since 2008, are expected to start rising as soon as spring 2015, and a single 1 percentage point increase will cost U.S. credit card holders an estimated $7.6 billion a year 	rise, increase, interest, fed funds, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-031214-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-031214-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain stuck at 15.01 percent	March 12, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-more-vs-cushion-savings-debt-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/pay-more-vs-cushion-savings-debt-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Paying all you can vs. leaving a cushion in savings	If there's enough money to make a big dent in your card debt but not enough to pay it off, you have choices to make, and the right one depends on your goals	savings, pay, credit card, debt, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/non_immigrant-small_business-credit-without-ssn-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/non_immigrant-small_business-credit-without-ssn-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can non-immigrants get business credit without an SSN?	Most loans and credit cards are going to ask you for a Social Security number at some point in the application process, but if you are adamant about not giving it out there are a few options	Social Security, SSN, small business, SBA
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/estate_planning-digital-death-assets-1267.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/estate_planning-digital-death-assets-1267.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Assets online? Plan your estate for the digital age	Financial accounts, credit card rewards and even treasured photos are often online-only these days. Take these steps to help heirs find them, and pay your bills to boot 	estate, death, die, dying, digital 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carecredit-reveals-pay-endorsements-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/carecredit-reveals-pay-endorsements-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Medical card pays for endorsements	GE Capital's CareCredit card pays dozens of professional societies to help market its high-rate health care credit card, raising questions that could cloud the doctor-patient relationship	carecredit, ge capital, credit card, medical debt, health care
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-rewards-airline-hotel-upgrades-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-rewards-airline-hotel-upgrades-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding the best rewards card for airline and hotel upgrades	There have been some important changes in recent years in how airlines handle upgrades. That, of course, changes the calculation for what kind of card you should have in your wallet if upgrades are important to you	rewards, frequent flier, points, upgrades, first class, business class
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-payments-choking-new-grad-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/student-loan-payments-choking-new-grad-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Student loan payments choking new grad	With student loan payments taking up 57 percent of her income, a new grad ponders defaulting as she can't see how she can keep up	student loan default
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/partial-debt-payment-improve-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/partial-debt-payment-improve-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Pay the whole debt or pay part: Which helps credit score more?	Much of the credit score damage was already done back when you defaulted, but paying it off can make you look better to other lenders	debt, credit, score, damage, default, partial payment 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free_credit_scores-fico-educational-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/free_credit_scores-fico-educational-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Not all free credit scores are created equal	More than 25 million credit cardholders now have regular access to a credit score through their credit card issuers, but that free score may not be the comprehensive, tell-all number you think it is.	credit scores, credit bureaus, educational scores, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-031914-up-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-031914-up-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card interest rates remain at 15.01 percent	March 19, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers remained stuck at 15.01 percent Wednesday for the fifth straight week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-fomc-march-2014-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/federal_reserve-fomc-march-2014-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Fed holds course toward higher interest rates	In the first policy meeting under its new leader, the Federal Reserve affirmed that short-term interest rates will begin rising next year	fed, interest rates
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-financial-advice-millennials-need-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/what-financial-advice-millennials-need-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What financial advice do millennials say they need?	Millennials are confident about their financial knowledge, but they want advice about savings, budgeting and credit cards in particular 	banking, savings, budgeting, TD Bank, millennials, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churning-crackdown-worries-rewards-chasers-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/churning-crackdown-worries-rewards-chasers-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Churning crackdown worries credit card rewards chasers	A move by American Express to crack down on people who sign up for the same credit card repeatedly is causing alarm among credit card churners, who see the decision as the latest sign that harvesting cards for miles and points is becoming less lucrative	churn, churning, bonus, rewards, points, miles
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cleaning-up-credit-for-new-apartment-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/cleaning-up-credit-for-new-apartment-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Clean up credit before finding new apartment	When trying for a new lease, the marks on your credit left by an eviction are harder to remove than stains on an old carpet	credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/healing-inner-financial-child-1264.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/healing-inner-financial-child-1264.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Healing your inner financial child	If you’ve been struggling to break certain financial habits, the problem may not be your budget, but rather your childhood 	finances, credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-retailers-switch-emv-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/when-retailers-switch-emv-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How soon should retailers switch to EMV?	The heat is on for merchants to adopt terminals that will read smart-chip cards. But with many small firms facing rising costs from all sides, it may pay to wait to upgrade 	small business, mertchant, EMV, smart-chip, chip and PIN
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ditch-checking_account-earn-rewards-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/ditch-checking_account-earn-rewards-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Should I ditch my checking account to earn credit card rewards?	It can be tempting when a credit card issuer offers extra reward points for opening a checking account, but watch out for hidden costs and credit score dings before you make the jump	checking account, rewards, hard pull
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refi-debt-mortgage-credit_score-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/refi-debt-mortgage-credit_score-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Shifting debt from credit cards through a mortgage refi	Paying off credit cards via a home refinance could change your credit utilization and help your credit score, if you don't go charging again	credit score, utilization, mortgage, refi
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credti-card-use-after-bankruptcy-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/credti-card-use-after-bankruptcy-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Can I use my credit card after bankruptcy?	There is no specific amount of time you have to wait before you can start charging again after bankruptcy. In fact, it can even help rebuild your credit	bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-card-send-kids-europe-1377.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-card-send-kids-europe-1377.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Best card to send with kids to Europe	His two 20-year-olds head to study abroad this fall, armed only with their debit cards. Dad wants to know if he get supply them with a credit card, too 	foreign transaction fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/companion_ticket-reward-travel-perk-not_rewarding-1263.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/companion_ticket-reward-travel-perk-not_rewarding-1263.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Companion tickets: the reward perk that's not always so rewarding	Want to bring a friend when you travel? The right travel card may help, but companion ticket programs are full of restrictions	companion ticket, rewards, travel perk, frequent flier, miles, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/on-disability-facing-interest-rate-increases-1294.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/on-disability-facing-interest-rate-increases-1294.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	On disability, facing interest rate creep	She was on her card's hardship plan to keep her APR low, but then the company changed ownership and her rates keep rising. Is there any recourse?	disability, hardship plan, rate
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-032614-unchanged-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-032614-unchanged-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Card interest rates remain locked at 15.01 percent	March 26, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers held steady this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. 	rate report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-rewards-travel-saudi_arabia-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/best-rewards-travel-saudi_arabia-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding the best rewards card for frequent Saudi Arabia travel	Traveling to Saudi Arabia a lot for work? Find an airline and hotel chain that fit your needs, then a credit card tied to them. And don't forget about fees	Saudi Arabia, rewards, frequent flier, miles, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-steve_bucci-credit-repair-1265.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/qa-steve_bucci-credit-repair-1265.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Author Steve Bucci: Take the slow, steady road to good credit	"Credit Repair Kit for Dummies" author Steve Bucci says there's no magic wand to a quick credit fix nor is there a credit repair fairy	credit repair, steve bucci, dummies, book, author
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-accept-card-minor-1585.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/merchant-accept-card-minor-1585.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Is it OK for merchants to accept credit cards from  minors?	If a parent has formally authorized a minor to use a credit card, accepting it isn't a problem. But getting some reassurances in writing is best practice 	medical practice, doctor, minor
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wal-mart-sues-visa-over-swipe-fees-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wal-mart-sues-visa-over-swipe-fees-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Wal-Mart sues Visa over swipe fees	Wal-Mart has sued Visa for anticompetitive practices, targeting Visa's interchange fees or "swipe fees" that help support credit card rewards programs and cash-back deals for cardholder	walmart, visa, swipe fees
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-card-use-rises-2013-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/business-card-use-rises-2013-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Business card use rises in 2013	Small-business owners reported increased card use in 2013, according to a National Small Business Association study 	small businesses, credit card use, lending, bank loans, financing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-hot-scams-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/8-hot-scams-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Don't be fooled into falling for these 8 scams	Here's the lowdown on eight hot scams, cons and swindles that criminals are employing to separate you from your money, along with tips for avoiding them	swindle, scam, tips, avoid
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/survey-bad-financial-habits-creeping-back-1701.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/survey-bad-financial-habits-creeping-back-1701.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Bad financial habits creeping back	A U.S. poll shows that fewer adults have a budget and more adults are increasing their spending.	budget, credit counseling, NFCC Financial Literacy Study, retirement, rainy day
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-040214-steady-2121.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/interest-rate-report-040214-steady-2121.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Survey: Credit card interest rates remain at 15.01 percent for 7th week	April 2, 2014: Average rates on new credit card offers remained locked at 15.01 percent Wednesday for the seventh consecutive week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.	APR, rate, credit card, seventh week,
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wait-zero_balance-statement-1582.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/wait-zero_balance-statement-1582.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	You don't have to wait for a zero-balance statement to avoid interest	Caution is good, but you don't have to wait for a zero-balance statement to use a credit card again. Paying on time avoids interest charges	credit card, zero, balance, interest, charges
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/finding-value-transferring-reward_points-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/finding-value-transferring-reward_points-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Finding value in transferring reward points	Most hotel and credit-card loyalty programs have a network of travel companies to which you can transfer points. Many people fail to appreciate that those transfer partners also have transfer partners, which greatly increases your options for using points	rewards, miles, points
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gave-debt-collector-bank-account-info.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/gave-debt-collector-bank-account-info.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Take care before giving a debt collector your bank account information	In some cases, debt settlement may be the right option, but verify first that you owe the debt, and then dole out the dough yourself	debt, settlement, bank, account, information
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-rewards-card-credit_rating-1433.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new-rewards-card-credit_rating-1433.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	I want a new rewards card, but what about my credit rating?	If your rewards card's fee is too high, it's time to look for alternatives. Switching may put a temporary dent in your credit score but it's usually more important to get a card that fits your needs	rewards, credit score, annual fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Test-Credit-card-Stats.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/Test-Credit-card-Stats.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Duplicate of Credit card statistics		
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new1.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/new1.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	new1	new1	new1
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-things-you-must-know-about-credit-reports-credit-scores-1270.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-things-you-must-know-about-credit-reports-credit-scores-1270.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 things you must know about credit reports and credit scores	You may have heard the terms credit history and credit score. But what exactly is a credit history, what is a credit score -- and why are they so important?	credit reports, credit scores, FICO score, bankruptcy
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/index.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/index.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit Card Help: The basic fundamentals of credit cards	We'll help you be a smarter credit cardholder. Our new Credit Card Help section features credit card tips, credit card videos, credit card quizzes and much more.	credit cards, help, basics, fundamentals, 101, tips, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/picking-the-right-credit-card-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/picking-the-right-credit-card-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Picking the right credit card	All that you need to know to pick the right credit card for you, with information on balance transfers, prepaid cards, rewards cards and more.	credit cards, prepaid cards, rewards cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-things-to-know-about-credit-cards-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-things-to-know-about-credit-cards-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 things you must know about credit cards	Forge a positive and fruitful relationship with credit cards by learning the basics before you apply for an account	credit card, credit cards, balance transfer, fixed rate, APR, Visa, MasterCard
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-things-to-know-about-credit-card-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-things-to-know-about-credit-card-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 things you must know about credit card debt	Credit card debt is not inevitable. Here are some basic credit guidelines to help keep you out of debt	credit card, credit card debt, credit card balance, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-things-you-should-know-about-balance-transfers-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-things-you-should-know-about-balance-transfers-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 things you should know about balance transfers	If you've racked up debt on a high-interest credit card, transferring the balance to a low-rate card sounds enticing -- but it's not quite as simple as it sounds	credit cards, credit card, balance transfer, interest
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-things-you-should-know-about-identity-theft-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-things-you-should-know-about-identity-theft-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 things you should know about identity theft	Identity theft is often in the news, but there are a lot of misconceptions swirling around about how to best protect yourself	credit cards, identity theft, credit card, skimming, ID theft, credit card statements
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-ways-to-get-most-from-rewards-credit-cards-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-ways-to-get-most-from-rewards-credit-cards-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 ways to get the most from rewards credit cards	With virtually all credit card issuers offering rewards, the issue is not whether you should get a rewards card, but what type of rewards card is best for you	credit cards, reward cards, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-things-know-business-credit-cards-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-things-know-business-credit-cards-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 things to know about business credit cards	Ready to take your business to the next level? Here's everything you need to know about business credit cards	credit cards, business, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-things-you-need-to-know-about-prepaid-cards-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-things-you-need-to-know-about-prepaid-cards-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 things you need to know about prepaid cards	Thinking about picking up a reloadable prepaid card? Here’s what you should know first	credit cards, prepaid card, direct deposit, bank, unbanked, underbanked, check cashing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/worst-credit-card-mistakes-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/worst-credit-card-mistakes-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 worst credit card mistakes	Making these 10 mistakes will turn good credit into bad and bad credit into lenders-won't-go-near-you credit.	credit card, mistakes, blunders, good credit, bad credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/types-of-credit-cards-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/types-of-credit-cards-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Comparing the various types of credit cards	Overview of card features offered by cards, including standard, reward, frequent flier, student, business and cards for bad credit.	Types of credit cards, credit cards, credit card, credit card application, balance transfer credit cards, low interest credit cards, rewards programs, airline miles credit cards, cash back, rewards, bad credit, prepaid debit cards, business credit cards, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Before choosing a card, know your credit card personality	With the dizzying variety of credit cards today, it can be tough to choose. Knowing your credit card personality can help sort it out.	financial, personality, credit, card, credit card personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-diva-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-diva-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card personality: The Diva / Big spender	You work hard. You play hard. You like the best of everything. After a tough day at work, you'll tell yourself you deserve a treat, whether it's a new pair of shoes or the latest gadget on the shelf. 	credit card, personalities, personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-futurist-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-futurist-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card personality: The Futurist	You're willing to sacrifice short-term pleasure for long-term gain. You've got your finances under control, you don't often feel the need to splurge, and you like to think carefully about the best way to spend your money.	credit card, personalities, personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-newbie-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-newbie-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card personality: The Newbie	You're finally out on your own -- so now what? You're inexperienced with credit and while you're ready to test the waters, you don't want to get in over your head. 	credit card, personalities, personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-better-man-woman-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-better-man-woman-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card personality: The Better Man/Better Woman	Even if you don't always make perfect decisions, you're a quick learner. You've gotten in credit trouble in the past, but you've turned over a new leaf.	credit card, personalities, personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-veteran-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-veteran-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card personality: The Veteran	You're responsible, organized and rarely get in over your head, financially or otherwise. You know your way around a budget, you've got good credit and you pay your bills on time and in full.	credit card, personalities, personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-avoider-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-financial-personalities-avoider-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Your credit card personality: The Avoider	The less you know about your finances, the better. You get uncomfortable talking or even thinking about money. You let your bills stack up because you feel a sense of dread opening them up.	credit card, personalities, personality
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/interactive-sample-credit-report-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/interactive-sample-credit-report-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit report anatomy: How to read, understand reports	This interactive guide displays an example of a personal credit report and explains how each part works	experian, transunion, equifax, credit report, public records, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/what-the-new-credit-card-rules-mean-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/what-the-new-credit-card-rules-mean-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What the credit card reform law means to you	The Credit CARD Act of 2009 included the most sweeping changes in credit card laws ever. Here's a summary of what they are and how they have affected consumers	credit, card, reform, bill, Senate, passage
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/differences-visa-mastercard-amex-express-discover-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/differences-visa-mastercard-amex-express-discover-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Visa, AmEx, MasterCard, Discover -- What's the difference?	You can group the four most widely used cards in pairs with Visa and MasterCard using one system of transaction and American Express and Discover another. Here is  a summary of how each pair of cards operates, their histories and other distinctive points.	Visa, AmEx, MasterCard, Discover, credit cards, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/keeping-rates-fees-low-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/keeping-rates-fees-low-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 tips to keep credit card rates and fees low	As the cost of credit creeps ever higher, micro-managing your finances is assuming greater importance. Here are 8 tips to help you keep your interest rates and fees low	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/6-consider-before-choosing-picking-credit-card-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/6-consider-before-choosing-picking-credit-card-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	6 things to consider before choosing a credit card	When picking a card, the No. 1 tip is to know yourself and how you will use the card	consider, before, choosing, picking, credit, card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-report-credit-score-help-basics-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-report-credit-score-help-basics-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit reports and credit scores	All you need to know about credit reports and credit scores, including a look at FICO scores and credit histories and why they matter	credit reports, credit scores, credit history, FICO score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/how-dispute-credit-report-errors-mistakes-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/how-dispute-credit-report-errors-mistakes-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to dispute credit report errors	Improve your credit score by removing credit report errors. Includes sample letter for disputing an error, and how to contact the three main credit bureaus -- Equifax, Experian and TransUnion	credit card, credit cards, credit report, credit bureaus, Equifax, Experian, Trans Union, bank credit card
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-tips-protecting-credit-cards-credit-score-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-tips-protecting-credit-cards-credit-score-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 tips for protecting your credit cards, credit score	9 tips for protecting not only your credit cards, but your credit score, too	credit card, credit cards, credit ranking, Visa, credit score
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-steps-picking-credit-counselor-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-steps-picking-credit-counselor-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 steps to picking a credit counselor	Credit counseling agencies can help you get out of debt. Learn how to select the right one for your debt issues	credit counseling, bad credit, credit
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/how-to-get-free-credit-report-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/how-to-get-free-credit-report-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Free credit reports: How to get the actual free one	The federal government has mandated the three major credit bureaus give free credit reports to consumers at least once per bureau per year. Here's how to get yours	credit card, credit, free credit report, credit bureaus, annual credit report, annualcreditreport.com, credit scores, free report, Experian, Equifax, TransUnion
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/add-written-statement-to-credit-report-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/add-written-statement-to-credit-report-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to add a 100-word written statement to your credit report	Your credit report is usually the final word when it comes to lending, but the rules let you make 100 of those words your own	credit report, bad credit, credit repair
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-legit-ways-to-improve-credit-score-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-legit-ways-to-improve-credit-score-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 legitimate ways to improve your credit score now	There are no instant miracles that improve a flagging credit score, but there are quick and legal ways to improve it	credit, score, steps, improve
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-things-about-business-commercial-credit-score-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-things-about-business-commercial-credit-score-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 things you should know about business credit scores	You may already know the basics of consumer credit scoring. But if you're a business owner, you also need to familiarize yourself with another type of score that could greatly impact your company: the commercial credit score.	business credit score, commercial credit score, debt, merchants
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-ways-students-get-good-credit-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-ways-students-get-good-credit-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 ways students can build good credit	A good credit score is more important than ever, and experts say following these 10 steps can put a student on the right credit path	credit scores, students, credit reports, good credit, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/why-women-need-their-own-credit-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/why-women-need-their-own-credit-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why women need their own credit	When you get married and vow to love 'for richer or for poorer,' it doesn't mean relinquishing your financial independence	authorized user, credit card, credit cards, credit score, credit report, women, independence, financial, divorce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/new-couples-and-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/new-couples-and-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Getting married? Don't say 'I do' to bad credit	With financial mismanagement topping the list of reasons why couples seek divorces, experts say it makes sense to check out your partner’s creditworthiness	credit card, credit cards, credit card debt, newlywed, credit scores, spending habits, creditworthiness
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/fico-08-formula-affect-consumer-credit-score-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/fico-08-formula-affect-consumer-credit-score-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO 08: How new credit score formula will affect you	When you get married and vow to love 'for richer or for poorer,' it doesn't mean relinquishing your financial independence	FICO, FICO 08, Fair Isaac, credit score, credit scoring, credit history
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-things-about-debt-consolidation-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/9-things-about-debt-consolidation-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	9 things you must know about debt consolidation 	Debt consolidation programs, called debt management plans, can help you get back on track, but they can also be unnecessary and even detrimental when done poorly or for the wrong reasons. Here's what you need to know.	debt consolidation, credit cards
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/handling-credit-card-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/handling-credit-card-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Help with credit card debt	Whether you're trying to dig out from under debt or just avoid it in the first place, our Credit Card Help section can help you make better decisions	credit card debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/14-bankruptcy-tips-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/14-bankruptcy-tips-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	14 key factors when considering bankruptcy	No one intends to go bankrupt. But if it happens to you, there are ways to handle the money issues smartly.	bankrutpcy, tips
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/cancel-credit-card-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/cancel-credit-card-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How to cancel a credit card	Anyone can take scissors to a credit card, but it takes skill to cancel a card without nicking your credit score	credit card cancellation, credit card, closing account, credit report, card holder, activity
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-simple-credit-card-debt-rules-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-simple-credit-card-debt-rules-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 simple rules to prevent credit card debt	The CEO of the nonprofit Consumer Credit Counseling Service of Central Florida has some simple rules to help credit card users stay out of debt.	credit cards, debt, counseling, credit score, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/4-wrong-ways-to-escape-credit-card-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/4-wrong-ways-to-escape-credit-card-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	4 wrong ways to escape credit card debt	If you have substantial credit card debt, you may feel trapped. Escaping debt is a must, but there are both right and wrong ways to go about it. We look at four common but ill-advised "solutions" for credit card debt.	credit cards, debt
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/11-tips-dealing-with-debt-collection-collectors-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/11-tips-dealing-with-debt-collection-collectors-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	11 tips for dealing with debt collection, collectors	Deal with it, experts say. Otherwise, matters can only get worse. CreditCards.com has compiled tips to make this process easier.	debt collection, credit cards, 
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/debt-collection-sample-letters-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/debt-collection-sample-letters-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt collection sample letters	Debt collectors are limited in what they can do and say by the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. Often, people in debt can restrict how and when debt collectors can contact them, but to be heard, debtors should assert their rights in writing	Debt, collection, sample, letters, writing
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/micropayments-cut-down-credit-card-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/micropayments-cut-down-credit-card-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Cut your credit card debt using micropayments	Big credit card bill too much to handle? Try multiple monthly payments. It can whittle debt faster and align billing with paycheck	credit, card, bill, pay, debt, micropayment, multiple, payments
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-steps-cut-credit-card-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-steps-cut-credit-card-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 steps to reducing credit card debt	This structured, disciplined plan will help you bat down credit card debt and regain financial control	credit card, debt, reduce
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-myths-settling-credit-card-debt-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/8-myths-settling-credit-card-debt-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	8 myths about settling credit card debt	Before you decide to try debt settlement, make sure you know the difference between common myths -- and the truth.	debt, settlement, credit, card, score, bad
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/step-by-step-credit-card-debt-negotiation-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/step-by-step-credit-card-debt-negotiation-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card debt negotiation in 3 (not) easy steps	You can still dicker over your credit card debt and work out better terms, but expect a marathon, not a sprint	debt, negotiate, credit, card, new, rules
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/fair-debt-collection-practices-act-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/fair-debt-collection-practices-act-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Know your rights: Fair Debt Collection Practices Act	Experts say consumers should face the facts and deal with debt collectors, but also know and understand their consumer rights and protections	rights fair debt collections practices act
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/debt-collector-ethics-code-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/debt-collector-ethics-code-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Debt collectors' ethics codes	Associations of debt collectors try to curb abuses in the collections industry	ethics code debt collection collectors association
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/dividing-credit-card-debt-divorce-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/dividing-credit-card-debt-divorce-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Dividing credit card debt in divorce	In a divorce, you can still dicker over your credit card debt and work out better terms, but expect a marathon, not a sprint	credit cards, debt, divorce, credit report
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/what-credit-card-reform-will-mean-to-consumers-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/what-credit-card-reform-will-mean-to-consumers-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	What credit card reform will mean to consumers	It's becoming clear the new law will have pluses and minuses to consumers. While the most unfair or deceptive practices are banned, card issuers have been quick to create new ways to maintain their profits	credit, card, reform, consumers
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/how-credit-card-reform-impacts-young-adults-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/how-credit-card-reform-impacts-young-adults-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How credit card reform impacts young adults under 21	Card issuers won't be able to pounce on young adults any longer with offers of freebies for a credit card application. There's a trade-off, though -- young adults will see their access to credit sharply curtailed. 	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-act-and-gift-cards-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-act-and-gift-cards-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	How the Credit CARD Act affects gift cards	Americans -- and retailers -- have grown to love the convenience of gift cards. Their terms have not always been consumer-friendly, though, and the law takes aim at some of them.	
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-reform-act-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-reform-act-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit card reform arrives in the form of the Credit CARD Act	The most sweeping credit card changes ever are being imposed on credit card issuers, which in the course of complying, are making dramatic changes in consumers' credit card accounts -- not all of them welcome	reform, credit, card, law, act, rules, regulation
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-act-2009-article-archive-1282.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/credit-card-act-2009-article-archive-1282.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Credit CARD Act of 2009 article archives	All the CreditCards.com coverage of the credit card reform law	credit, card, reform, law, act, archive
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-parts-components-fico-credit-score-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-parts-components-fico-credit-score-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	FICO's 5 factors: The components of a FICO credit score	How does FICO come up with its widely used credit score? While the inner workings of the FICO scoring system are a closely guarded secret, the company is open about the five basic components of a score. Here's what they are	fico, credit, score, report, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-key-questions-credit-card-annual-fee-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/5-key-questions-credit-card-annual-fee-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	5 questions to ask before getting a credit card with an annual fee	More credit card issuers are adding or increasing annual fees, but there are still plenty of no-fee options. Before you get a new card with an annual fee, make sure the benefits are worth the costs	credit, card, annual, fee
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-building-blocks-good-credit-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/7-building-blocks-good-credit-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	7 building blocks of good credit	Want a good credit score? Know these seven basic moves and you're guaranteed to have one	seven, 7, building, blocks, good, credit, fundamentals, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/why-credit-report-more-important-than-score-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/why-credit-report-more-important-than-score-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	Why your credit report matters more than your credit score	Focusing only your credit score is like focusing only on your cholesterol number or your age – the number’s important, but not as important as how you got there. That’s why the real key to credit is your credit report	credit, score, report, fico, help
http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-tips-debt_collectors-6000.php	http://australia.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/help/10-tips-debt_collectors-6000.php?a_aid=1017&a_cid=1204	10 tips for dealing with debt collectors, collection	First, pull your head out of the sand. Next, educate yourself on your rights and on who to reach out to for help or to register a complaint	debt, collection, tips, help
